I fly with the stars in the skies
I am no longer trying to survive
I believe that life is a prize
But to live doesn't mean you're alive
Don't worry 'bout me and who I fire
I get what I desire, it's my empire
And yes I call the shots, I am the umpire
I sprinkle holy water upon the vampire
In this very moment I'm king
In this very moment I slay Goliath with a sling
In this very moment I bring, put it on everything
That I will retire with the ring
And I will retire with the crown, yes
No, I'm not lucky, I'm blessed, yes
Clap for the heavy weight champ, me
But I couldn't do it all alone, we
Young money raised me, grew up out in Baisley
South side Jamaica, Queens and it's crazy
'Cause I'm still hood, Hollywood couldn't change me
Shout out to my haters,
Sorry that you couldn't faze me
Ain't being cocky, we just vindicated
Best believe that what we done this moment
Will be syndicated, I don't know
This night just remind me of
Everything they deprived me of
Put your drinks up
It's a celebration every time we link up
We done did everything they could think of
Greatness is what we on the brink of
I wish that I could have this moment
For life, for life, for life
'Cause in this moment I just feel so
Alive, alive, alive
I wish that I could have this moment
For life, for life, for life
This is my moment I just feel so
Alive, alive, alive
[Drake:]
When I tell them hoes bow, bow, bow to me
Drop down to your knees
Young Money, the mafia, that's where the love cease
I'm in a Dominican, Big Papi Ortiz
Doing Target Practice
All these Bitches just aiming to please
Shout out to the C.E.O., 500 degrees
Shout out to the O.V.O. Red wings and Fatigues ah
Niggas wanna be friends,
How coincidental, this was supposed to be ya'll year?
We ain't get the memo
A young king, pay me in gold
Forty got a bunch of weed, he ain't even rolled
These niggas be dropping songs
They ain't even cold
Weezy on top and that nigga ain't even home...Yet
Yeah, be very afraid
These other rappers getting bodied and carried away
Fuck it, me and Nicki nick getting married today
And all you bitches that be hating
Can catch the bouquet
Ooh, yeah, you a star in my eyes
You and all them white girls, party of five
Are we drinking a little more, I could hardly decide
I can't believe we really made it
I'm partly surprised
I swear, damn, this one for the books
Man, I swear this shit is as fun as it looks, man
I'm really trying to make it more than what it is
'Cause everybody dies but not everybody lives
I wish that I could have this moment
For life, for life, for life
Cause in this moment I just feel so
Alive, alive, alive
I wish that I could have this moment
For life, for life, for life
This is my moment I just feel so
Alive, alive, alive
This is my moment
I waited all my
Life, I can tell it's time
Drifting away, I'm
One with the sunsets
I have become alive
I wish that I could have this moment
For life, for life, for life
'Cause in this moment I just feel so
Alive, alive, alive
I wish that I could have this moment
For life, for life, for life
This is my moment I just feel so
Alive, alive, alive, alive
You know a lot of girls be
Thinking my songs are about them
This is not to get confused
This ones for you
Baby you're my everything, you're all I ever wanted
We could do it real big, bigger than you ever done it
You be up on everything, other hoes ain't never on it
I want this forever, I swear I could spend whatever on it
'Cause she hold me down every time I hit her up
When I get right I promise that we gone live it up
She make me beg for it, till she give it up
And I say the same thing every single time
I say, you da fuckin' best you da fuckin' best
You da fuckin' best you da fuckin' best
You the da best I ever had,
Best I ever had, best I ever had, best I ever had
I say you da fuckin'
Know you gotta roommate,
Call me when there's no one there,
Put the key under the mat and you know I be over there (yup)
I be over there, shawty I be over there
I be hittin' all the spots that you ain't even know was there
And you don't even have to ask twice,
You could have my heart, or we could share it like the last slice
Always felt like you were so accustomed to the fast life
Have a nigga thinking that he met you in a past life
Sweat pants, hair tied, chillin' with no make-up on
That's when you're the prettiest, I hope that you don't take it wrong
You don't even trip when friends say you ain't bringing drake along
You know that I'm working I be there soon as I make it home
And she a patient in my waiting room,
Never pay attention to the rumors and what they assume
And until em' girls prove it, I'm the one they never get confused wit
'Cause baby you're my everything, you're all I ever wanted
We could do it real big, bigger than you ever done it
You be up on everything, other hoes ain't never on it
I want this forever, I swear I could spend whatever on it
'Cause she hold me down every time I hit her up
When I get right I promise that we gone live it up
She make me beg for it, till she give it up
And I say the same thing every single time
I say, you da fuckin' best you da fuckin' best
You da fuckin' best you da fuckin' best
You the da best I ever had,
Best I ever had, best I ever had, best I ever had
I say you da fuckin'
Sex, love, pain, baby I be on that tank shit,
Buzz so big, I could probably sell a blank disk
When my album drop bitches will buy it for the picture
And niggas will buy two and claim they got it for they sister
Magazine paper girl but money ain't the issue
They bring dinner to my room and ask me to initial
She call me the referee cause I be so official
My shirt ain't got no stripes but I can make your pussy whistle
Like the Andy Griffith theme song,
And who told you to put them jeans on
Double cup love, you're the one I lean on
Feeling for a fix, than you should really get your fiend on
Yeah, just know my condo is the crack spot
Every single show she out there reppin' like a mascot
Get it from the back and make ya fuckin' bra strap pop
All up in your slot till a nigga hit the jack pot
Baby you're my everything, you're all I ever wanted
We could do it real big, bigger than you ever done it
You be up on everything, other hoes ain't never on it
I want this forever I swear I could spend whatever on it
Cause she hold me down every time I hit her up
When I get right I promise that we gone live it up
She make me beg for it, till she give it up
And I say the same thing every single time
I say, you da fuckin' best you da fuckin' best
You da fuckin' best you da fuckin' best
You the da best I ever had,
Best I ever had, best I ever had, best I ever had
I say, you da fuckin' best you da fuckin' best
You da fuckin' best you da fuckin' best
You da best I ever had,
Best I ever had, best I ever had, best I ever had
Uh, ah yeah
See this the type of joint you gotta dedicate to somebody
Just make sure they that special somebody
Young money, yeah yeah
You know who you are, I got you
It may not mean nothing to y'all,
But understand nothing was done for me,
So I don't plan on stopping at all,
I want this shit forever mayne, ever mayne, ever mayne,
I'm shutting shit down at the mall,
And telling every girl she the one for me,
And I ain't even planning to call,
I want this shit forever mayne, ever mayne, ever mayne,
Last name ever,
First name greatest,
Like a sprained ankle boy ain't nothing to play with,
It started off local but thanks to all the haters,
I know G4 pilots on a first name basis,
In your city faded off the brown, Nino,
She insists she got more class, we know!
Swimming in the money come and find me, Nemo,
If I was at the club you know I balled, chemo,
Dropped the mixtape that shit sounded like an album
Who'd have thought a country wide tour would be the outcome
Labels want my name beside the X like Malcolm
Everybody got a deal, I did it without one,
Yeah nigga I'm about my business,
Killing all these rappers you would swear I had a hit list,
Everyone who doubted me is asking for forgiveness,
If you ain't been a part of it at least you got to witness,
Bitches,
It may not mean nothing to y'all,
But understand nothing was done for me,
So I don't plan on stopping at all,
I want this shit forever mayne, ever mayne, ever mayne,
I'm shutting shit down at the mall,
And telling every girl she the one for me,
And I ain't even planning to call,
I want this shit forever mayne, ever mayne, ever mayne,
Forever ever Mr. West is in da building
Ain't no question who about to kill 'em
I used to have hood dreams,
Big fame, big chains,
I stuck my dick inside this life until that bitch came,
I went hard all fall like the ball teams,
Just so I can make it rain all spring,
Y'all seen my story my glory,
I had raped the game young,
You can call it statutory,
When a nigga blow up they can build statures of me
Old money Benjamin Button, what, nothin',
Now superbad chicks giving me McLovin,
You would think I ran the world like Michelle's husband,
You would think these niggas would know me when they really doesn't
Like they was down with the old me no you fucking wasn't,
You're such a fucking loser,
He didn't even go to class Bueller,
Trade the Grammy plaques just to have my granny back,
Remember she had that bad hip like a fanny pack,
Chasing that stardom would turn you into a maniac,
All the way in Hollywood and I can't even act,
They pull their cameras out and God damn they snap,
I used to want this thing forever y'all can have it back,
It may not mean nothing to y'all,
But understand nothing was done for me,
So I don't plan on stopping at all,
I want this shit forever mayne, ever mayne, ever mayne,
I'm shutting shit down at the mall,
And telling every girl she the one for me,
And I ain't even planning to call,
I want this shit forever mayne, ever mayne, ever mayne,
OK, hello it's the martian, Space Jam Jordan's,
I want this shit forever wake up and smell the Garden,
Fresher than the harvest
Step up to the target,
If I had one guess than I guess I'm just New Orleans,
And I will never stop like I'm running from the cops,
Hopped up in my car and told my chauffeur to the top,
Life is such a fucking roller coaster then it drops,
But what should I scream for this is my theme park,
My minds shine even when my thoughts seem dark,
Pistol on my side you don't wanna hear that thing talk,
Let the king talk check the price and pay attention,
Lil Wayne that's what they got to say or mention,
I'm like Nevada in the middle of the summer,
I'm resting in the lead I need a pillow and a cover,
Shh, my foot's sleeping on the gas,
No brake pads no such thing as last,
It may not mean nothing to y'all,
But understand nothing was done for me,
So I don't plan on stopping at all,
I want this shit forever mayne, ever mayne, ever mayne,
I'm shutting shit down at the mall,
And telling every girl she the one for me,
And I ain't even planning to call,
I want this shit forever mayne, ever mayne, ever mayne,
There they go, packing stadiums,
As Shady spits his flow,
Nuts they go, macadamian they go so ballistic wow,
We can make them look like bozos,
He's wondering if he should spit this slow,
Fuck no go for broke,
His cup just runneth over oh no
He ain't had a buzz like this since the last time he overdosed,
They've been waiting patiently for Pinocchio to poke his nose,
Back into the game and they know,
Rap will never be the same as before,
Bashing in the brains of these hoes,
And establishing a name as he goes,
The passion and the flame is ignited,
You can't put it out once we light it,
This shit is exactly what the fuck I'm talking about when we riot,
You dealin' with a few true villains
Whose staying inside of the booth truth spillin',
And spit true feelings,
Til our tooth fillings come flying up out of our mouths, now rewind it
Payback muthafucka for the way you got at me so hows it taste?
When I slap the taste out your mouth
With the bass so loud that it shakes the place,
I'm Hannibal Lecter so just in case you're thinking of saving face,
You ain't gonna have no face to save
By the time I'm through with this place, so Drake.
It may not mean nothing to y'all,
But understand nothing was done for me,
So I don't plan on stopping at all,
I want this shit forever mayne, ever mayne, ever mayne,
I'm shutting shit down at the mall,
And telling every girl she the one for me,
And I ain't even planning to call,
I want this shit forever mayne, ever mayne, ever mayne,
[LUPE FIASCO: TALKING]
Uh, what up y'all!
Soundtrack what's popping baby?
Y'all ain't know, I go by the name of Lupe Fiasco
Representing that first and fifteen
Jyea, uh!
And this one right here
I dedicate this one right here
To all my homies out there grinding
You know what I'm saying?
Legally and illegally
Hahaha...
You know what I'm talking about?
So, check it out
[VERSE 1: LUPE FIASCO]
First got it when he was six
Didn't know any tricks
Matter of fact first time he got on it he slipped
Landed on his hip
And bust his lip
For a week he had to talk with a lisp
Like THISSSSS
Now we can end the story right here
But shorty didn't quit there was something in the air
Yea, he said it was something so appealing
He couldn't fight the feeling
Something about it
He knew he couldn't doubt it
Couldn't understand it
Brand it, just the first kickflip he land it
Uh, labeled a misfit, a bandit
Kakunk Kakunk Kakunk!
His neighbors couldn't stand it so
He was banished to the park
Started in the morning wouldn't stop 'til after dark
Yea, when they said, "It's getting late in here...
... so I'm sorry young man there's no skating here"
[CHORUS]
And so he kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, coast
And away he rolled
Just a rebel to the world with no place to go
And so he kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, coast
So come and skate with me
Just a rebel
Looking for a place to be
So let's kick... and push... and coast
[VERSE 2: DRAKE]
(Waddup Lupe, Chi Town! )
My style is very Tennessee
Mixed with some Terry Kennedy
People barley remember me from back in the day
I done got some contacts and threw the glasses away
The time it took me to get cool was a massive delay
But check it gets boring growing up in memphis
Trying to become a pro but keep showing up apprentice
Mama probably would have done anything to prevent this
Cause every single time I break a board it gets expensive
Luckly my aunt working as a nurse
So every time I needed something she just reach up in her purse
And plus she'd always give me speeches on the first
If I'm staying in her house then I need to get some work
I tell her I was there on vacation
She say you need to be doing something other than skating
Why don't you go kick it with your uncle in the basement
I ma let him know that your coming honey he's waiting
So now it's me and old school
Chekka playa playing chess looking through old school wrek a airs
He knew I didn't really wanna post here
Open up the window told me that the coast clear
Now I coast clear take a deep breath feeling like the popes here
Homie this is Recess east test
Life's ever given me a plus graded by a teacher in a sweet dress
Yes I'm literly Landel Lewis with a kick and a snare
Kick flip in the air
The kids sick till them jeans put a rip in the pair
Just so the space ain't restricted in here
Breathe again think it's obvious that they need my soul
Cousins at the door like ri mi fa so
I say aunty this is a safe career
She said Drake I told you there's no skating here
[CHORUS:]
And so he kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, coast
And away he rolled
Just a rebel to the world with no place to go
And so he kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, coast
So come and skate with me
Just a rebel
Looking for a place to be
So let's kick... and push... and coast
[VERSE 3: LUPE FIASCO]
Before he knew he had a crew
That wasn't no punk
And they spitfire shirts
And SB dunks
They would push 'til they couldn't skate no more
Office building lobbies wasn't safe no more
And it wasn't like they wasn't getting chased no more
Just the freedom was better than breathing they said
Any escape route they used to escape out
When things got crazy
They needed to break out
They head to any place with stairs
Any good grinds
The world was theirs
Uh, and their four wheels would take them there
Until the cops came and said, "There's no skating here"
[CHORUS:]
And so he kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, coast
And away he rolled
Just a rebel to the world with no place to go
And so he kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, coast
So come and skate with me
Just a rebel
Looking for a place to be
So let's kick... and push... and coast
This is why I do this shit.
I think they call this, uh, venting.
Yea
Look
Uh
This is me.
Still the same.
They want the hits.
I play the game.
No auto tune, but you can feel the pain.
It all comes spilling out like I hit a vein.
What up lil' braw.
What up slumville.
I hope you know that y'all the reason I have fun still.
The fans thinking that we all signed for one mill.
Equal opportunities rapping, that shit is unreal.
That ain't how it works.
That ain't that how it goes.
And I been getting high to balance out the lows.
And I could use a writer to balance my flows.
But I never share my thoughts,
This is all a nigga knows.
And every time I try, it opens up my eyes.
These verses are a chance to remembered and reprized.
And I would be performing just as long as I'm alive.
So every word I utter will be mine.
Don't believe the lies.
Look me in my eyes.
Please don't be scared of me.
Please don't be scared of me.
I remember you.
This feeling isn't new.
So please don't be scared of me.
Please don't be scared of me.
Don't take this the wrong way but
I never cried when Pac died.
But I probably will when Hov does.
And if my tears hold value,
Then I would drop one for every single thing he showed us.
And I'll be standing in a puddle.
I stay away from niggas that could land me in some trouble.
And Ima keep it honest.
Am so tired of being subtle.
It's just me, Forty, O, and Nich standing in a huddle.
Staring at the members of my team.
Who get questioned about they profit from this from million dollar scheme.
Just know that am in debt for you defending all our dreams.
I hope you tell your family this shit ain't what it seems.
But yall the reason for a lot of my devotion.
You know I spend money because spending time is hopeless.
And know I pop bottles cause I bottle my emotions.
At least I put it all in the open.
Don't believe the lies.
Look me in my eyes.
Please don't be scared of me.
Please don't be scared of me.
I remember you.
This feeling isn't new.
So please don't be scared of me.
Please don't be scared of me.
Oh oh oh oh oh uh.
Look.
Fuck all y'all.
We ignore feelings here.
Premature millionaires.
Welcome to my realest year.
Yeah.
I swear we making a killer here.
I should be on top of the world here just chillin' here.
Uh.
But it's funny having fans.
Who find you before anybody ever has the chance,
And build you up so you could be the biggest in the game.
And realize when your there, sometimes the shit don't feel the same.
Yeah.
And plus things are just so real at home
People think I've changed just because my appeal's grown
And now security follow me everywhere
So I'm never actually am alone, I just always feel alone.
I think I'm scared of what the future holds.
I was wishing for some things and now am used to those.
Every girl I meet thinks I'm fucking groupie hoes.
The honesty of my music has left me too exposed.
All my old friends think I got a new crowd.
And people seem to notice every time I do smile.
I guess that mean they come few and far between.
Even though am living out what you would call the dream.
Yeah.
And my uncle ain't even messaging me.
And him missing in my life is kind of messing with me.
I hope this isn't one of those forever things.
It's funny how money can change everything.
Don't believe the lies.
Look me in my eyes.
Please don't be scared of me.
Please don't be scared of me.
I remember you.
This feeling isn't new.
So please don't be scared of me.
Please don't be scared of me.
Oh oh oh oh oh uh.
[Drake]
My name is drizzy
and i aint perfect
but i work hard
so i deserve it
and i belong
right where you see me
aint on the fence about it
i aint mistah feeny
nah i got a decent set of manners
and a job that fills up any empty schedule or a planner
and i fall in love with girls caught up with superficial glamor
who dress like Sarah Jessica
and live like princess Diana
so often they have addictions
and im the one that'll feed it
but truly you're bad enough that you don't even really need it
you can show up at the party on dirty public transit
and i guarantee the cameraman will still be snappin candids
of you and your posse partying
drinking watch you get handed
with your virgin island tans
all lookin like you just landed
i don't really understand it
im not sure im comprehending it
but these girls are having fun with whoevas money they spendin
Chorus x2
I got to be Unstoppable
I got to be Unstoppable
Ey ey ey ey
You don't lie
Ey ey ey ey
You don't lie
[Wayne]
My name is weezy
I'm almost perfect
and i work harder than hard workin
bizarre circus
that's where my bar surface
therefore i act a clown
even when im laying on my back
im never backin down
so overstand me
i got a condo in Miami
and my doormat is always sandy
and i run Louisiana
but ive never pulled a hammy
and i got a condo in Atlanta
and i always wear a bandannie
and when it comes down to stuntin
you boys is just buntin and
im swinging for the fence
your girl hanging from my dick
your girl sanging to my shit
like ah loli loli pop
she say i get that pussy wetter than a dasani shop
she say i get that pussy better
better than her gynecologist
hoe just text me
everybody want some mo dick mo dick
old bitch
young bitch
but i be like damnnnn
all i got is one dick
Chorus
I got to be Unstoppable
I got to be Unstoppable
Ey ey ey ey
You don't lie
Ey ey ey ey
You don't lie
[Santogold]
I got the talk
The beats and bass
Give me one I'll take it
Make you lose your place,
Tell me I-I-I can play
So I speed up the pace
I break it break it you can't stop me
In this ra-race
Chorus x2
I got to be Unstoppable
I got to be unstoppable
ey ey ey ey
you don't lie
ey ey ey ey
you don't lie
Yes,
I'm on that old switch lane shit,
Jay, Biggs, Dane shit
Talking about them niggas that my daddy pitch came with,
Cause I never learned the "biz" i learned the language,
Well spoken, Man i should've went to Cambriege,
And momma would always claim this:
"I never expected the outcome",
But one day I became this,
Famous,
No longer nameless,
More gain,
But Im the same,
I will remain this,
I'm still focused,
I stay grounded,
You see I ran with a style when they clowned it,
So read 48 laws if you never read it,
Cuz that is one of the main reasons I'm level headed,
Despite the accumalated success,
If my attitude that was straight I made a regress,
I never want to win the lottery only because my uncle told me
"He who made it by struggling, made it the best"
So with that on my chest,
I'm down on my last 12 G's,
Going through my closet thinking:
"I should probably sell these"
Chanel C's, and LV's,
Somebody stop before I really start to rebel please,
I spend it all,
Who needs anymore?
Who's satisfied doing good deeds anymore?
Who grieves anymore?
Who believes anymore?
Who graduated school and still reads anymore?
Not me,
That should have my whole race shook,
Cause we don't read novels,
But we do face book,
The new craze is having that new age look,
If I said I liked it I'd feel like a 2 faced crook,
Nah,
I tell retro kids:
"Tie that bandana just a little bit tighter til it suficates you biter"
Cuz i dont wear bright colors or rope chains,
I'm a G my daddy was in the dope game
I swear to you, Lord
Same dudes used to laugh at me
See me in the CL6 with half a B
They know that money begets money, so naturally
Me and Half could blow a couple stacks hassle free
I'm like fuck y'all haters on behalf on me
Cause I could flood the city with a staff of three
I'm talking me and two partners in that Caprice
With no copies made, I got the master keys
And fast cars, fast women, fast cash and cream
Could mold you rappers like plasticine
I have to dream but dog, me and success are two things
You don't wanna find yo ass between
Back against the wall like plasma screens
The inside of my wallet is pasture green
And you are now hanging with the Asthma Team
Sweetie, catch your breath while I smash the scene
I should leave Earth, nothing left to do here
Everyday is Christmas and every night is New Years
Say whatever, I never been concerned about who hears
Call my town Sparta and I'm coming with two spears
I'm telling you dog, always got the spring collection in fall
I run my bill up making executive calls
And with me, women be building these skeptical walls
But once you slept with one dime, man, you slept with them all.
Family, money, and music is all I ever knew
My necklace suffer from depression,
It's forever blue
Cheer up baby, You don't see all this revenue
I started the game at level two, I'm saying
Stop acting like teen girls are my only market,
I parallel the fly and spur Tony Park it,
And it's cool if you spill something it's only carpet
That's why I get my interior color only dark shit
Toronto's where you living today,
And you ain't making records that people are driven to play.
I would advise you to really make a move
Sooner than later.
Cause these are only the joints
That I'm giving away
You feel me?
The money (money) cars (cars)
The clothes (clothes) the hoes (hoes) I suppose
Yeuh! I want the money, (money)
Money and the cars, (cars)
Cars and the clothes, (clothes)
The hoes, (hoes) I suppose,
I just wanna be, I just wanna be, successful.
I just wanna be, I just wanna be, successful.
I just wanna be, I just wanna be, successful.
Drizzy, oh yeah Trey I fucking feel ya,
They be staring at the money like it's unfamilia',
I get it, I live it, to me there's nothings realer,
Just enough to solve your problems,
Too much would kill ya,
And when I leave, I always come right back here,
The young spit it that everybody in rap fear,
A lot of y'all still sounding like last year,
The game needs change and I'm the motherfuckin' cashier,
Nickels for my thoughts,
Dimes in my bed,
Quarters of the kush,
Shake the lines in my head,
Take my verses too serious ya hate me,
Cause I'm the one to paint a vivid picture no H-D,
Yeah, I want it all, that's why I strive for it,
Dis me and you'll never hear a reply for it,
Any awards show or party I'll get fly for it,
I know that it's coming I just hope I'm alive for it.
I want the money, (money)
Money and the cars, (cars)
Cars and the clothes, (clothes)
The hoes, (hoes) I suppose,
I just wanna be, I just wanna be, successful.
I just wanna be, I just wanna be, successful.
I just wanna be, I just wanna be, successful.
Yeah, I want things to go my way,
But as of late a lot of shit been going sideways,
And my mother tried to runaway from home,
But I left somethin' in the car so I caught her in the driveway,
And she cried to me so I cried too,
And my stomach was soaking wet,
She only 5'2, and forty eight hours all before I showed up,
And brought a thousand dollars worth of drinks and got poured up,
Damn my reality just set in,
And even when the phantoms leased them hoes wanna get in,
I do a lot of things, hoping I never have to fit in,
So trying to keep up with my progress is like a dead end,
My girl love me but fuck it my heart beat slow,
And right now the tour bus is lookin' like a freak show,
And life change for us every single week,
So what's good, but I know this ain't the peak though 'cause I want
I want the money, (money)
Money and the cars, (cars)
Cars and the clothes, (clothes)
The hoes, (hoes) I suppose,
I just wanna be, I just wanna be, successful.
I just wanna be, I just wanna be, successful.
I just wanna be, I just wanna be, successful.
Wise words from a decent man,
Back when I was trying to put a ring on Alicia hand,
This lost boy got fly without Peter Pan,
And my delivery just got me buzzing like the pizza man,
In person I am everything and more,
I'm everywhere these other niggas never been before,
But inside I'm treading waters steady trying to swim ashore,
I'm on a shoppin' spree to get whatever is in store, yeah
Just call me shop and bag drizzy,
And call me Mr. Damn He Ain't Copin' That Is He?
And fans of this freshman is about to get iffy,
While this youngin' that you doubting is about to get busy,
I'm a kill it I promise this I know you mad,
I've always treated my city like some shoulder pads,
To big homie use a flash if you must,
And I swear I ain't asking for much all I want is
I want the money, (money)
Money and the cars, (cars)
Cars and the clothes, (clothes)
The hoes, (hoes) I suppose,
I just wanna be, I just wanna be, successful.(that's all I wanted man)
I just wanna be, I just wanna be, (you gotta tell 'em trey) successful.
I just wanna be, I just wanna be, successful. (ful ful)
It's like I know what I got to say,
I just don't know how to say it, to you
Uh pardon the swag, but bitch its cartate,
Long bread I don't eat shortcake,
How come I can't, miss a woman like I can't miss court dates,
Cheese, but she's not in this portrait,
Yeah life's fine but I do not portray,
I'm on the other side but it is a short gate,
I don't want the glow, I want the glory,
And I'm a fuck the world, but this is just foreplay,
Tired of hearing bullshit, bring on the cow shit,
Haven't met a smell that's stinkier than our shit,
And that's word to Toronto, so high up I got birds in the condo, ain't that a female dog,
Ask her who I am to her, and she yell god,
Weezy baby go real hard, no further details boy.
Spending every moment in the studio
I never said it'd be fair
But when you're all alone
I hope you truly know
How bad I wanna be there
Come right in
Set your bag down
I took a night off for you
Go ahead and turn the lights off
But keep your heels on
They're fittin' for what I'm about to do
Know you hate explaining how you want it done
Just be quiet I'll do fine without your help girl
And you work without a second for some fun
Now you finally got a moment to yourself girl
And I know what to do with it
I know what to do with it
I know what to do with it
I know what to do with it
(Drake)
oh oh oh oh oh
(Lloyd)
oh oh oh oh oh ohh ooh hey
oh oh oh oh oh
yeah
I been waiting for so long to get you all alone
Now I finally got you right here.
So baby Imma lock my door
and disconnect my phone
Cuz I wanna make one thing clear
I want you on top
So let your hair down
I took the night off for you.
Girl Im gonna
Turn the lights off
But keep your heels on
They're fittin' for what we're about to do
(Drake)
Come right in
Set your bag down
I took a night off for you
Go ahead and turn the lights off
But keep your heels on
They're fittin' for what I'm about to do
Know you hate explaining how you want it done
Just be quiet I'll do fine without your help girl
And you work without a second for some fun
Now you finally got a moment to yourself girl
And I know what to do with it
I know what to do with it
I know what to do with it
I know what to do with it
(Lloyd)
Ohhh
Its 6 o'clock in the morning at the studio
[Omarion:]
Even though your all alone
All I know when I am gone
I just wanna keep you warm
I'm comin' back, I'm comin' back
Yes, I'll be there
Yes, I'll be there
Cause when I'm all alone I think about your face
And how I wanna touch, I'm so far away (I'm So)
All I wanna do is give you all of me now
Are you ready? Are you ready? Yeah
[Chorus]
don't go missing
fly with me
don't go missing
fly with me, fly with me
don't go missing
fly with me
check it out, check it out
don't go missing
fly with me, fly with me
[Drake:]
I'm aware that we just met
I don't wanna leave you yet
Promise that I won't forget
I'm comin' back, I'm comin' back
Yes, I'll be there
Yes, I'll be there
'Bout to board a flight
Sittin' at the gate
I just wanna touch you
But I'm so far away (I'm So)
All I wanna do is give you all of me now
Are you ready? Are you ready? Oooh
[Chorus]
don't go missing
fly with me
don't go missing
fly with me, fly with me
don't go missing
fly with me
check it out, check it out
don't go missing
fly with me, fly with me
Uh Yea Man, Vo, Back Again Like We Never Left Huh
Yea Man, Im Sending This Out To Any Of My Girls Thats Different Man
Anybody Thats Special
You Know I Wanna Be Honest With You Women So Ima Start Off Like This
Uh Look, I'm Bold From The Get Go
Go By The Title Of Drake
And Treating Me Like The Rest Is A Vital Mistake
I'm Hopin That Aint Nobody Else As Special As You
When I Say I've Been Disappointed Im Addressin A Few
I Finesse Then I Groove
While Most Of The 8 To 9's In My Past
Now Get A Rating Thats Less Than A 2
Its True, I Been Talking To Aleshia, Keisha And Nadia
And Shadia, Had To Throw Peace Signs To A Lot Of Ya's
Payback, To The Same Chicks From Way Back
Never Call, Now They Wanna Be Where I Stays At
Now They Got The New Boy, I'm Trying To Move Forward
And Pass Me, Classy, Something Like Drew Lord
A New Me, Cool, See I Never Get Around
If I Dont Change Now I Dont Think I'll Ever Settle Down
Even If I Gotta Travel A Bit
I'll Go Around The World And Back
Cuz I Know That Once I Have It Thats It And Uh,
(Yea Man; Yea)
You Can't Just Love Me Like They Do
(Talk To Em V; I Need Somebody Special In You Girl)
I Need Someone Special In You
(I Know They Out There Somewhere Dude; Ho!)
I Know That Out There Theres A Few
(Put Ya Hands Up Ladies; Yea Man)
See I've Been Searching I Don't What To Do
Can You Help Me?
(Uh)
She Gotta Be Special
(Yea; You Gotta Hold Me Down Baby)
By That I Mean That You Gon Hold Me Down
(Uh)
You Gotta Be Special
(Yea; You Never Know Right?)
Cuz You Never Know How People Stick Around
(Uh)
Gotta Be Special
A Girl I Can Love That Sees Nothing Wrong With Getting Used To Me
Yea My Name Aint Change But I'm Far From The Man That I Used To Be
Since A Young Dude The Flow Was Nasty Acidic
Ever Since The Demo Dog
And Groupies Are Gettin Brave
Now They Ask Me For
Rappers, I Write Em A Verse
And Ask Me To Spit It
But I Pay No Mind Though
Cuz They Know I Know
Hard As These Niggas Working Man
They Wont Sign So
Drake And Vo Back
I Take It You Know That
You Take It Sitting Down
Or You Can Take It To Gold Black
And Since Drake Done Took It From Curls To Waves
Its Been Kind Of Like A Whirlwind Phase
I Mean I Had My Share Of Women
Now A Nigga Gettin Girls For Days
With Most Of Em Its Seemin Like They World Is Staged
But From Georgia To Bk And All Around The World
Get Your Hands In The Air If Your Avoiding The Cliche
If You've Been Hurt And You Alone Be Steady
These The Same Dudes From Rewind, Grown And Ready, And Uh
Find More lyrics at
(Yea; Uh)
You Can Just Love Me Like They Do
(Vo We Back Man; Its A Beautiful Thing Dog)
I Need Someone Special In You
(Uh; Im Looking For Somebody Special Man I'm Serious; Ho!)
I Know That Out There, Theres A Few
(I Know That They Out There Man)
See I've Been Searching, I Dont Know What To Do
(Ho! You Gotta Help Me Man)
Can You Help Me?
(Uh)
Special
(Uh; Yea; I Need You To Hold Me Down Babe)
By That I Mean That You Gon Hold Me Down
(Uh)
Gotta Be Special
(Yea; You Never Really Know Right?)
Cuz You Never Know How People Stick Around
Special
A Girl I Can Love That Sees Nothing Wrong With Getting Used To Me
Yea My Name Aint Change But I'm Far From The Man That I Used To Be
Look Theres Requirements To Be An Admirer
Still The New Version Of Fresh Needa A Nia Or Tyra
So We Can Be Jenny And Swayze
I Told You I'm Careful With My Heart Girl, Many Have Played Me
Or Maybe Its Karma
They Say Is A Charmer
Halfway To A Night So I Stay In A Armor
I'm Fire On The Move
A Tire Looking Smooth
I'm Not Perfect But I Got A Desire To Improve
I'm Special
Like Kids In A Graduating Class
Having More Trouble Than Others When Addin Basic Math
Need You To Be Special Like Areba To Cootmore
Double O, Top Secret Agents With Suits On
Something So Deep It Da Drown Me
Friends Are Some Cool Dudes
I Vouch For The People Around Me
On Your End Its Simple
All You Have To Do
Is Give Me No Reason For Other Lovers After You And Uh
(Yep; Ho!; Were Makin History Right Now Man)
You Can't Just Love Me Like They Do
(Yea; And You A Legend For Real, Ima Give You That Man)
I Need Someone Special In You
(Uh; Yea; I Know They Out There Man)
I Know That Out There Theres A Few
(Ho!; Yeal Uh)
See I've Been Searching I Don't What To Do
(You Gotta Help Me Baby)
Can You Help Me?
Special
(All Around The World)
By That I Mean That You Gon Hold Me Down
(From La To Va)
Special
(Memphis Tennessee Whats Goin On)
Cuz You Never Know How People Stick Around
Gotta Be Special
A Girl I Can Love That Sees Nothing Wrong With Getting Used To Me
Yea My Name Aint Change But I'm Far From The Man That I Used To Be
Vo And D-R-A-K-E
We Them Boys That You Came To See (So Get Busy Ya)
Yep We Take It To The Same Degree
So Let Loose Since You Came With Me (Get Busy Ya)
Vo, D-R-A-K-E
We Them Boys Came To See (Get Busy Ya)
Ya We Take It To The Same Degree
So Let Loose Cuz You Came (Get Busy Ya)
And I Wouldn't Be Me If I Didn't Get A Little Nasty
Na Na Na Na Na Na Na (x3)
How `bout we just move over , And just do it where we at
How `bout you just lift that skirt up
Ohh . . . We can be bad
That place that ain't been touched , I'm feeling on it
I'll let you sit through, keep spinning on it
Girl . . . Giddy Up Giddy Up , Take me on a ride to ecstasy
You don't wanna bump bump then take a nap
You just wanna bump bump bring right back
Watch me
I'ma heat it up , beat it up
ohhh
I know you're tired of the usual, usual, usual
I can give you more than the usual
Not your regular , Tell you what , Let me touch
You gon' feel something unusual, unusual, unusual
I'm not gon' do what the usual,
Not your regular, Tell you what , Let me touch
You gon' feel something unusual
I wanna do the wicked things you never do
What if we get it while your friends was in the room
Is that too hot for ya ?
Don't you feel bad, Let em feel sexy
We can make a sex room wherever we go
Take it to the restroom, they ain't gotta know
No . . Ohh . .
Watch me heat it up, Beat it up
Woo .. Hey!
Do You hear me girl ?
Watch me heat it up, Beat it up
Woo
That's the run (Check)
Cinema (Check)
On the hood (Check)
Of The Car (Check)
On the top (Check)
On the beach
This that other shit
You know you ask for it
I might just save you some money , And getcha passport
So You can come to me city , I'll take you all over
And Hit you on the balcony , Just don't fall over
Send me a picture baby , you know I'd never leak it
I know you got something recent , For someone decent
Why you laughing out loud , I'm serious
Bring your girl if you a little bi-curious
Please ; Please No Storytelling of others
I promise you gon' love it
I would never let you down
Feel like I might of perfected , All the things that you've expected
And you gon' know it when you bring your ass around
Motherfu- Oh!
Get it all different kind of ways
All different places
Look at the many little faces you making
But can you take it
Ohh
Y'all thought I was nasty last year
This shit was all I knew
You and me, only
I did it all for you
Still, you were lonely
We can work it out
Uhh, But I guess things change
It's funny how someone else's success brings pain
When you're no longer involved
That person has it all
You just stuck standin' there
I'm gonna need you to say something, baby
Say say something, baby, say something, baby, say something, baby
I'm gonna need you to say something, baby
I'm gonna need you to say something, baby
Yeah, it really sucks whenever since I've been long gone
I traded in my senorita for a microphone
I hate the way you fell apart girl, its sad to see
Your life is good but me and you we're a catastrophe
If I was unsuccessful would you be satisfied
I need a paramedic girl, I'm feeling paralyzed
If I could choose, you will always be a friend to me
The more money I made you acting like my enemy
It's crazy, I can't help it if you're really ashamed
All the pressure would turn you into my diamond babe
How can something so familiar be so strange
Closest friends get estranged when the status change
Ah, is it my mistake, think that where I am and where you at
And my homeboy Larry Live is the only one that had my back
You were the perfect girl, now it seems we don't match
Is it the money, want me to give it back?
This shit was all I knew
You and me, only
I did it all for you
Still, you were lonely
We can work it out
Uhh, but I guess things change
It's funny how someone else's success brings pain
When you're no longer involved
That person has it all
You just stuck standin' there
But I'm gonna need you to say something, baby
Say say something, baby, say something, baby, say something, baby
I'm gonna need you to say something, baby
I'm gonna need you to say something, baby
I am the topic of conversation
This is celebration
Let's toast to the fact that I've moved out my mama's basement
To a condo downtown, 'cause it's 'all about location'
I'm sitting, drink wine and watch Californication of life
You should have been here to kick it with me
We could have split this whole thing up, fifty fifty
But now I'm at the forty forty getting bitches tipsy
Killing shit, the ever so talented Mr. Ripley
How I go from being the man that you argue with
To me and Dwayne Carter putting out the hardest shit
I should want to go back to the one I started with
But I'm addicted to this life, it's gonna be hard to quit
Yeah, just ask me how things are coming along
You could tell me that you've never heard none of my songs
As long as you end up saying one day you plan to listen
'Cause what's a star when it's most important fan is missing?
they say when u lov some one you dont play
but if true then you lost 2 your game
when you was stricking out erick wat at first base
but you hit home when i fill for your lies and thort you was here stay
ya but you here but you dont lison
"fucked up with this bitch"
an now iam the one you missin
i gess now i no wat da true meaning of comor is
but ya you hadd me rap around your finger like a shoe string
i was blound to the fact that you was using me
but i ant dum deep fuckin kill on me to the end leve u
since i lost u i been on my o.g shit t2
thinkin dat you would pick me over y.g was just to much fo4 you to do
but whos u,
i just keep asking my self
"no body"
lucky t2 have a bitch that would give u every thing i had
nothing lest more then i could
but u just wish i would
but i just wish u would
see thing like i see them
open to lik a book and tell the story like they are
no more lies cuz i ant trying to go that far
but diz iz just wat i get for fallin in love with a rebound
my cross game jump shot ant nothing for diz bitchz
but u was just a beginner facein up
to a winner and she was just a hitter
lok for a hit and run
but i gess when shit is don it ant nothing u can do about it
but i grow up about
never cry about
cuz when some one ceats
the only thing u can do about is it walk up out it .
like dam
this is were iam
this is were we end
i ant never ever goon forgett
and ima just hopeing that you with it when i tell that
we finshhhhh
we finshhhhhh
you lookin side ways
but dam i gess i should have seen this shit comeing
but we wasing
and you wasing the one i was in love with
exlse i was anosseee
ummmmm
but
i could tell it wasing love you was just some one i fuck with
i was thinking one
but you was thinking
me keya meshel and litte tonyea and many other bitchs
but im with it if you with
tell bitch to bring a kind dip
if you on go you then whos in
cuz to night ima going off with like
This the record that my backpack underground fans get to get to skippin'
Back back, Southern town fans get to tippin'
Chasin' fat stacks, runnin' down grands and submission
I don't back track, every single sound for me different
I don't own no ice, just got clean rap
Don't ever two step, I just rock, lean, snap
We could take it out to Houston where the rides all glossed up
Anybody I'm standin' beside's all bossed up
Burglar minded they say I'm servin' them rhymers
And me and Nickel F go together like burgers and diners, yes
I'm like a waiter and you something like a hater
With trays in both hands, place an order I can cater, uh
I got the diamonds in my teeth flow
Memphis is the reason that my rhyming and my speech slow
Peep though, I only got pity for you lames
Sitting pretty in the game, in the city that I claim
Yo, the city is mine (Which one?)
T-O-R-O-N-T-O
D-R-A-K-E that's me
You know how the story goes
Pull up, range rove, yo chick, wanna roll
And I play myself in the stereo
And I make 'em wanna
Shake shake it, drop it drop it
Bounce it bounce it, wop it wop it
Girl, move that thang like you gettin' money for college, go!
Shake shake it, drop it drop it
Bounce it bounce it, wop it wop it
Girl, move that thang like you gettin' money for college, go!
Break it down like you working for your tuition at Howard
Mama, get it how you live, that thang that you working is power
Tryna be generous, so honey here's a tip
Now-a-days it's gettin' cheaper to put 20's on the whip
So if you a opportunist look for 20's in the clip
And if you find 'em attractive and funny, that's when you dip, dip
And it's a trip, my city broke into sections
Up North I got me a couple of troubles, couple connections
And it's nothing that I created on purpose
There's people that gotta problem
But they scared to let it surface, uh
Ya boy say this, that, and the third to 'em
See me out and they never utter a word to 'em
Expect me not to draw a card from the deck
Anybody in my city going hard I respect but
You got a debt and you choose not to pay that
I'mma hop ya fence, come into your yard and collect, lect uh
It ain't a problem of concern bruh
I always end up with exactly what I earn bruh
This ain't last year, money like a cashier
So hand your receipt if you tryna make a return bruh
Yessir, I live in a city where a lot of people don't get shine, shine
And, I be on by the fence as soon as anybody stepping out of line, line
And I got way too much love, for the city I can never get too much of
And if anybody hatin' on me, I deport 'em, the city is mine boy
Yo, the city is mine (Which one?)
T-O-R-O-N-T-O
D-R-A-K-E that's me
You know how the story goes
Pull up, range rove, yo chick, wanna roll
And I play myself in the stereo
And I make 'em wanna
Shake shake it, drop it drop it
Bounce it bounce it, wop it wop it
Girl, move that thang like you gettin' money for college, go!
Shake shake it, drop it drop it
Bounce it bounce it, wop it wop it
Girl, move that thang like you gettin' money for college, go!
Oh, baby (Oh baby)
Days in the sun
And nights in the rain
Summer is over, simple and plain
I found me some fun that's good for the pain
I already told you, I don't feel the same
I don't feel the same
Anywhere I go
I can't help but show
I don't feel the same
Anywhere I go
I can't help but know
(I don't feel the same)
(Anywhere I go
I can't help but know)
i heard once that they would rather hear about memories than enemies , rather hear what was or what will be than what is, rather hear how you got it over how much it cost you rather hear about finding yourself and how you lost you ,rather you make this an open letter about family and struggle and taking forever about hearts that you've broken and ties that you've severed no doubt in my mind that will make them feel better
So hard to breathe this air that we call love,
Ain't nothing worse than the hurt we receive from love,
When you get hurt by the one you living for,
Pain can make you wanna love no more
Loving you no more,
I just I cant I just can't be loving you no more,
I love you more than I love myself
Loving you no more,
I just I cant I just can't be loving you no more,
I love you more than I love myself
Hurt with the heart that's bleeding slowly,
So many lonely sleepless nights,
I'm going through hell to convince you love me,
But never her approval no matter how I try,
The way you talk to me but still I say I love you,
I'm ashamed you can see it in my eyes,
Momma always told me to respect the woman,
But what am I to do when her parents do not try
So many tears I cried,
But all for nothing I'm afraid to say
Ooh
Loving you no more,
I just I cant I just can't be loving you no more,
I love you more than I love myself
Loving you no more,
I just I cant I just can't be loving you no more,
I love you more than I love myself
I've been so dependent on your love for so long,
Punishment for me is trying to let go,
Give it from your heart is what you taught me,
Addiction to pain is what it got me,
My life, now its changed,
My life ain't the same as it was,
Heart broke to the point, sometimes wanna end it,
If I can't have what mean most to me
So many tears I cried (I cried)
But all for nothing I'm afraid to say
Loving you no more,
I just I cant I just can't be loving you no more,
I love you more than I love myself
Loving you no more,
I just I cant I just can't be loving you no more,
I love you more than I love myself
(Diddy, Drizzy baby)
Uh, trying not to over think
Only cause I've drove and I done had a lot to drink
When I wanted it blue you said we got to paint it pink
And there's pieces of ya hair still sittin' in my sink
And you still got underwear that's sittin' in the dryer
How come every time that you're suspicious I'm a liar?
You stand out, I can hear you whistle in a choir
And that's the only reason you the Mrs. I admire
Damn, tell me what I'm gone do
Since everything I'm trying to forget is all true
Me and all your main girls get along too
I would take my last dollar out and bet it on you
But uh, you see the same one I'm missing
Is basically the reason I became somethin' different
Its just that I remember me before
And if you could do the same baby then we'll be for sure
So selfishly
You can only show fear
Unless you feel yours in jeopardy
Oh time, oh time has changed
And I'm no longer wiling
Can't you see how my heart is bleeding
Oh yes
Loving you no more,
I just I cant I just can't be loving you no more,
I love you more than I love myself
Loving you no more,
I just I cant I just can't be loving you no more,
I love you more than I love myself
Loving you no more,
I just I cant I just can't be loving you no more,
I love you more than I love myself
Why do I feel so alone?
Like everybody passing through the studio
Is in character as if we acting out a movie role
Talking bullshit as if it was for you to know
And I don't have the heart to give these
Bitch ass niggas the cue to go
So they stick around kicking out feedback
And I entertain it as if I need that
I had a talk with my uncle and he agreed that
My privacy about the only thing I need back but
It's hard to think of them polite flows
Mr. Fano Poloto suits are your night clothes
And Jordan sweat suits are your flight clothes
And you still make it even when they say your flight closed
Eyes hurting from the camera phone light shows
Life was so full
Now this shit just being lipo'd
Always said I'd say it all on the right track
But in this game you only lose when you fight back
Black diamond bracelets
Showing you the basics
I can't live and hold the camara
Someone gotta tape this
I make hits unlike a bitch
That's married I ain't miss
24 hours from greatness
I'm that close
Don't ever forget the moment
You began to doubt
Transitioning from fitting in to standing out
Los Angeles Cabanas or Atlanta South
Watchin' HOV show
Embarrassed to pull my camera out
And my mother embarrassed
To pull my Phantom out
So I park about 5 houses down
She say I shouldn't have it until I have the crown
But I don't wanna feel the need to wear disguises around
So she wonder where my mind is accounts in the minus
But yet I'm rolling round the fuckin' city like your highness
Got niggas reactin' without a sinus
'Cause what I'm working with is timeless
And promoters try to get me out to they club
They say I have fun but I can't imagine how
'Cause I just seen my ex-girl
Standing with my next girl
Standing with the girl that I'm fuckin' right now
And shit could get weird unless they all down
And so I stay clear
We from a small town
Everybody talks and everybody listen
But somehow the truth just always comes up missing
I've always been something that these labels can't buy
Especially if they tryin' to take a peice of my soul
And Sylvia be tellin' Tez "Damn Drake fly"
And he just be like "Silly mother fucker I know"
That was your bad
How could you pass up on 'em?
He just take them records
And he gas up on 'em
Wayne will prolly put a million cash up on 'em
Surprised no one ever put your ass up on 'em
Oh they did Po
At least they tried to
And that's what happens
When you spitting what's inside you
But slip up and shoot the wrong fucking video
And they think they can market you
However they decide to nahh
But Forty told me to do me
And don't listen to anybody that knew me
'Cause to have known me would
Mean that there's a new me
And if you think I changed in the slightest
Could of fooled me
Boy in my city I'm da 2-3
Drug dealers live vicariously through me
I quit school and it's not because I'm lazy
I'm just not the social type
And campus life is crazy understand
I could get money with my eyes closed
Lost some of my hottest verses down in Cabo
So if you find a Blackberry with the side scroll
Sell that mothafucka to any rapper that I know
'Cause they need it much more than I ever will
I got new shit
I'm gettin' better still
Little niggas put my name in they verses
'Cause they girlfriend put my ass on a pedesteel
Future said 'cause this 'Ye shit you better kill
And I think this got this "Making of a Legend" feel
Problem with these other niggas they
Ain't never real
Yea ... that's all I can say
RIP to the girl you use to see.
Her days are over, baby she's over.
I've decided to give you all of me.
Baby come closer, baby come closer;
I'm ready for you.
Kill 'em all, switch it up.
Put it on, zip it up.
Let my perfume soak into your sweater.
Say you'll be here soon, the sooner the better.
No option for you saying no.
I run this game, just play your role.
Follow my lead, what you waiting for?
Thought it over and decided tonight is the night.
(?)
Yeah I hear you talking.
Don't know who you tryna flatter.
I got my mind made up.
I-I I'm ready for you.
I'm in control but would you be in the main?
You don't seem to understand.
I-I I'm ready for you. (x3)
So keep thinking your the man,
'cause it's all part of my plan.
I-I I'm ready for you.
Nothing on, I shut her out.
I do it big, I shut it down.
I wonder if you'll be able to handle me.
Mental pictures, no camera's please.
(?)
Yeah I hear you talking.
Don't know who you tryna flatter.
I got my mind made up.
I-I I'm ready for you.
I'm in control but would you be in the main?
You don't seem to understand.
I-I I'm ready for you. (x3)
So keep thinking your the man,
'cause it's all part of my plan.
I-I I'm ready for you.
Red lipstick on the wine glass.
Cameras in my mind flash.
Black laghdurey, white diamonds; what a contrast.
I know you get impatient as the time pass.
You say you want it fast, define fast.
'Cause I could speed it up and make it last.
Or I could adition for this and i could be part of the cast.
And i could produce for your future.
I could co-direct your past.
And make damn sure that you never forget it.
Committed.
I'm ready, I'm wit it.
Still here like a statue.
Pink champagne, green ink in your tattoos.
You say you got baggage,
Well I'm packed too.
Plus, I got a sex pistol pointed right at you.
BANG!
Baddest woman ever in the heart of south.
Proving over and over again.
That's why I'm hard to doubt.
Plus, I'm Young Money to the death.
I took the Carter out.
I'm more than ready too,
Hope it's something that you thought about.
(?)
Yeah I hear you talking.
Don't know who you tryna flatter.
I got my mind made up.
I-I I'm ready for you.
I'm in control but would you be in the main?
You don't seem to understand.
I-I I'm ready for you. (x3)
So keep thinking your the man,
'cause it's all part of my plan.
I-I I'm ready for you.
RIP to the girl you use to see.
Her days are over, baby she's over.
I'm ready for you(x3)
So keep thinking your the man.
'cause it's all part of my plan.
I-I I'm ready for you/
[Talking:]
Yeah, I appreciate ya patience tonight
It's been a moment since I've done some public speaking
I find now-a-days it's just best to keep quiet
But uh, sometimes you just gotta let it out
Young Angel and Young Lion
You know what it is, uh
[Drake:]
Look, I'm the property of October
I ain't drive here I got chauferred
Bring me champagne flutes,
Rose and some shots over
I think better when I'm not sober
I smoke good ain't no glaucoma
I'm a stockholder,
Private flights back home no stop over
Still spittin' that shit that they shot 'Pac over
The shit my mother look shocked over
Yeah, but with a canvas I'm a group of seven
A migraine, take two Excedrin
I'm the one twice over I'm the new eleven
And if I die I'm a do it reppin', I never do it second
I swear niggas be eyein' me all hard
And lyin' to they girls and drivin' the same cars
Sittin' there wishin' their problems became ours
'Cause we have nothin' in common
Since I done became star
I done became big swervin' right in to my peer's lane
Same dudes that used to holla my engineer's name
One touch I could make the drapes and the sheers change
An show me the city that I'll without fear claim
What I set seems to never extinguish
Coolest kid out baby word to Chuck Inglish
Count my own money see the paper cut fingers
My song is ya girlfriend's wakin' up ringer
Heh, or alarm, or whatever
She be here at six in the morn' if I let her
But I never get attracted to fans
'Cause a eager beaver could be the collapse of a dam
I always knew that I could figga
How to get these label heads to offer 'em good figures
And me doin' the shows gettin' everyone nervous 'cause
Them hipsters gon' have to get alone with them hood niggas
It's all good I'm goin off like lights when the show's over
Make pasta rent a movie call hoes over
Rest in peace to Heath Ledger but I'm no "joker"
I'll slow roast ya, got no holster
Wet glass on ya table nigga no coaster
Burn bread everyday boy no toaster
G and Tez got a sig' but I'm no smoker
They just handin' chips to me nigga no poker
I'm with it, Young Money, Cash Money soldier
My cup runneth over,
The same niggas I ball with, I fall with
On some Southern drawl shit
Rookie of the year, '06 Chris Paul shit
D.R., C.J, an Po I see y'all
These cases don't workout I hope we can agree on
Makin' enough to pay any Judge Judy off
First thing I'm a do is free Weezy, go
[Lil' Wayne:]
And I take probation
I don't want that T.I. and Vick vacation
Private plane, big location
I'm goin' to the bank to make a big donation
Yeah, I don't stunt, I stunt hard
And if the food ain't on the stove I hunt for it
But in the meantime you can call me Young Roy
Jones Junior fightin' the drugs and gun charge
Shit, don't leave me unguarded
And I'm a cheese head word to Vince Lombardi
Word to Marky Mark leave a snitch departed
All that blood like the Red Sea parted
My gun go crazy like it's retarded
Red light on it like it's recordin'
I ain't recordin' I'm jus C4'in
My currency foreign
We are in a league they aren't
Better dig in ya pocket an pay homage
Better cover ya eyes ya face fallin'
Watch the game from the side I'm play callin'
No I didn't say that I'm flawless
But I, damn sure don't tarnish
My pistol got comments for ya garments
I'm so high I can vomit on a comet
K Y no homo I'm on it
Weezy F. Baby new born bitch
You know what they say 'bout when ya palm itch
I'm gon' get money money I'm gon' get
Young Money in ya tummy and we gon' shit
An get that toilet paper quick like when bones spit
That's right bitch I'm back on my grown shit
That automatic k no ice just chrome shit
And ya' boyfriend softer than a foam pit
I scream "fuck the world" wit' a long dick
Motherfucker I'm me, yeah bitch I'm me
You niggas sweet like the pussy in which I eat
Fireman burn down ya' entire street
So fly I'm a take off when I leap, bye
And you can suck my wings
Stand on my money headbutt Yao Ming
Putcha hand in the oven if ya' touch my things
I'm shufflin' the cards 'bout to cut my queens
But I ain't the dealer
House full of bitches like Tila Tequila
Yeah, I'm the man in the mirror
My swagger jus screamin' mothafucker do you hear her
Drizzy Drake what the lick read?
We make magic boy Roy and Sigfreid
Whoo! Young Moula baby, yeah
Hey girl, do you want my number
That way you can call me
Every time I come into town
And then I will drive up to your house and
Take you out to dinner
I don't expect nothing at all
What if we happen to kiss, then we touch
Put a rush on it, get it over with
What if I just know what you like
And if feels right, then it's over with
What if I don't call you back, prove you right
All this lasts is just one night
Baby we should slow it down
Hey girl, I'm back in Atlanta
Seconds dates are lovely
This time you should choose where we go
Need suggestions, how about the movies
Then we go for ice cream
I'm not picky, you let me know
But what if we happen to kiss, and we touch
Put a rush on it, get it over with
What if I just know what you like
And if feels right, then it's over with
What if I don't call you back, prove you right
All this lasts just one night
Baby we should slow it down
Girl I ain't pimp, girl I ain't a player, no
I ain't tryina move too fast so I'm just gonna take it slow
Girl I just wanna know
What would happen if we made love
Would we have the same feelings when we wake up
Will be still spends hours on the phone
Wishing we was alone
Would you speak to me in a totally different tone
I know but, I guarantee two thing in life
One is death and the other is I can change you whole life in one night
Doing wrong always feels so right
It can start up with kiss, leading to a touch
Forming a relationship based solely around lust
I'm trying to move slow, relaxing the drift
But every time I do my brain's reaction is this
What if we happen to kiss, and we touch
Put a rush on it, get it over with
What if I just know what you like
And if feels right, then it's over with
What if I don't call you back, prove you right
All this lasts just one night
Baby we should slow it down
Maybe we should slow it down
If you're ready we can go all the way baby
We can go all the way
Baby we should slow it down
Uh, I'm just so far gone
October's on, Please leave me alone
Drunk off champagne screamin' in the phone
See my house is not a home, fuck is goin' on
Where did we go wrong, where do we belong
Caught up in the game and it's one I can't postpone
Meaning if it rains I'm the one it's raining on
When my diamond chain is on still nothing set in stone
Women borrow sweaters that I spray with my cologne
And tell me don't forget 'em and I promise that I won't
Feelin' so distant from everyone I've known
To make everybody happy I think I would need a clone
Places we get flown, parties that we've thrown
I've done more for this city then these rappers that have blown
It's only been 3 years look at how I've grown
I'm just in my zone, I call this shit the calm
Yea, but I'm the furthest thing from calm
Dedicated to my mom, and I swear my word is bond
Everything will be OK and it won't even take that long
You can see it in my face or even read it on my palm
Leader of the new school it's proven and it's known
I'm sittin' in a chair but in the future it's a throne
I know you like to worry it'll be better if you don't 'cause
You know
Everything gone be alright
I promise
Apologize to you know
To put ya'll in this position and vent to ya'll but
40 Mom always say
Don't ask permission, just ask forgiveness, you know, so
Forgive me
Yea
Yeah I say
Uh
And life is so insane
Look what I've became,
Tryna make a name
All my first dates are interrupted by my fame
Because every picture taken is a fan that you can gain
They love it when you smile unaware that it's a strain
It's a curse you gotta live with when you born to entertain
Women need attention therefore women will complain
Develop hatred for men and say that your the one to blame
Tryna enjoy myself with Taz in Miami at the game
I just wish he knew how much it really weighed like Dwayne
It's a weight that's on my chest whoever spottin' me is playin'
So I'm liftin' all alone try not to get a sprain
Hopin' western union doing currency exchange
'Cause my dad called and got me feelin' guilty and ashamed like
How I had a Rolls and I went and got a Range
And he payin' for his cigarettes with dollars and some change
Damn, and I could only feel his pain
Cause in Memphis Tennessee there's only so much to attain
So I'm fillin' out the form at the counter once a-gain
He say he love me I just hope he doesn't say that shit in vain
I'm why yo girl heart is in a slang
Call me heartbreak Drake I'm the hardest one to tame
As a man I'm just honest as a artist I'm a king
With my own set of problems that be sittin' on my brain
Yea, And see this is the thang
What they viewing as braggin' is the way that I maintain
The shit I write while staring out the window of a plane
Is the single handed reason I remain
Me
Yea
Uh, I said I call this shit the calm.
But I'm the furthest thing from calm.
I swear I'm puttin' on
But they always wanna ask what type of act you puttin' on like
Man.
Yeah uh huh
Um, uh huh, OK
Hello motherf***er
Hey hi how ya dern?
It's Weezy F Baby
Come to take a s*** and urine
On the toilet bowl b****es
P**** a** n****s
Stompin' on this beat like a motherf***in' sigma
Bad to the brissle
Hat to da rizzle
I'm so official all I need is a whistle
B**** named Crystal
Let her suck my pistol
She opened up her mouth and then I blew her brains out
You ain't met a n**** like me
You prolly never will
Riders rollin' wit me like eleven wheels
Find out where you livin'
Kill you in the kitchen
The feds tryna clip us
But we ain't even trippin'
I'm goin' in
I'm goin' in
I'm goin' in
I'm goin' in
And I'm a go hard (go)
And I'm a go hard (go)
And I'm a go hard (go)
And I'm a go hard (go)
B****, I'm goin' in
I'm goin' in
I'm goin' in
I'm goin' in
And I'm a go hard (go)
And I'm a go hard (go)
And I'm a go hard (go)
And I'm a go hard (go)
First off
You know what it is if you heard drake
Makin' hoes wobble like a bridge in a earthquake
Never see me out
Cause I live in my workplace
I give you the business
So button up your shirt straight
Look at where I landed
You would think I planned it
I'm just doin' me and you could never understand it
Chicks get hammered
Big dick bandit
Money flowin' like a slit wrist no bandage
Blowin' purple clouds n**** I'm so sky high
I ain't cuttin' anybody slices outta my pie
Outta this world though I'm so sci-fi
And I don't sit still I keep it movin' like a drive-by
I just tell the truth so I'm cool in every hood spot
Twenty one years and I ain't ever met a good cop
Me and Wayne lean like Kareem doin' hook shots
Cover me I'm goin' in and I ain't f***in' with no hood cops
I'm goin' in
I'm goin' in
I'm goin' in
I'm goin' in
And I'm a go hard (hard)
And I'm a go hard (hard)
And I'm a go hard (hard)
And I'm a go hard (hard)
B****, I'm goin' in (jizzle)
I'm goin' in
I'm goin' in (I'm goin' in)
I'm goin' in (I'm goin' in)
And I'm a go hard (hard)
And I'm a go hard (hard)
And I'm a go hard (hard)
And I'm a go hard (and I'm a go hard)
It goes hold up wait one motherf***in' minute
It's the el capatain
I got motherf***in' lieutenants
If I said I'm goin in then I motherf***in' meant it
And if I brought it in the club
Then I'm a motherf***in' spend it
Cost a few hundred bands
And I'm motherf***in' in it
No need for a room
Yea you know I'm f***in' in it
She actin' like she not but she know she f***in' with it
She said I seen it all
I said no you f***in' didn't
You ever busted nuts in a two seater
She said I can't feel my legs
I'm like b**** me neither
I'm goin' in
Where should I begin
I don't even know maybe where my blunt ends
And I'm a be a legends even when my life ends
And I'm a be a legend even when this night ends
Til I do my thing hop up out it like biem,
B**** I said I'm him so I'm nothin' like them
I'm goin' in!
I'm goin' in
I'm goin' in
I'm goin' in
I'm goin' in
And I'm a go hard
And I'm a go hard
And I'm a go hard
And I'm a go hard
B****, I'm goin' in
I'm goin' in
I'm goin' in
I'm goin' in
And I'm a go hard (hard)
And I'm a go hard (hard)
And I'm a go hard
And I'm a go hard (yea, yea)
[singing:]
You can't love, but I bet ya
Yo can't hine yeah
[Verse 1:]
Here we Gooo
The 1st time aroud
I left the cars at the house
And I put the diamonds down
Them things come and they go it's bout the rhymein Now
I'm seeing it clearer
The season is nearer
And still I must change
I'm like a broken bill
Conservative for the most
But I'm out spoken still
They not sure it'll work
But their all hopein' He'll
Emerge the victim
My words are pictures
And yes the colors so loud that u heard my scripture
With four walls
Give me the right brush and I draw all
I promise I been thinkin before ya'll
I barely get tired
I'm rarely inspired
And you accompish in a week is What I'm daily required
I'm meetin' qoutas while you rappers having sleep overs
Spending nights in studio try to be Hova,
Be in the thrown instead of being ya own
But look
[Chorus:]
Young Check your freestyle
I am fast approachin on the weekend
It's me, Niko, Bryans here, D10
Freestyle shit bout the safeway to the verse here we go
[Verse 2:]
It's like I'm makin moves in my city tho
My ex girls wanna be up in the video
They ex girls are steady tryin to get with tho
Important and vital
I'm caught in a cycle
And this is all I know
And yes I know it well
I try to explain
And my effort comes to no avail
I'm from the place where they release records and no one sells
And still they claim king
Nigga it's the same thing
All day long
But that's the screw face
Rappers will friend you at 1st but really they two faced
Hopein u trip and slip over your own shoe lace
That's why I tuck em in not givin' a fuck again
D.R.A you add the K.E a hundred grand and you lables can not
Play me
I'll never go broke
Fuck em I'm flashin the pan
I am a passionate man
Planted with cash in my hand uhh
This shit was all I knew
You and me, only
I did it all for you
Still, you were lonely
We can work it out
Uhh, But I guess things change
It's funny how someone else's success brings pain
When you're no longer involved
That person has it all
You just stuck standin' there
I'm gonna need you to say something, baby
Say say something, baby, say something, baby, say something, baby
I'm gonna need you to say something, baby
I'm gonna need you to say something, baby
Yeah, it really sucks whenever since I've been long gone
I traded in my senorita for a microphone
I hate the way you fell apart girl, its sad to see
Your life is good but me and you we're a catastrophe
If I was unsuccessful would you be satisfied
I need a paramedic girl, I'm feeling paralyzed
If I could choose, you will always be a friend to me
The more money I made you acting like my enemy
It's crazy, I can't help it if you're really ashamed
All the pressure would turn you into my diamond babe
How can something so familiar be so strange
Closest friends get estranged when the status change
Ah, is it my mistake, think that where I am and where you at
And my homeboy Larry Live is the only one that had my back
You were the perfect girl, now it seems we don't match
Is it the money, want me to give it back?
This shit was all I knew
You and me, only
I did it all for you
Still, you were lonely
We can work it out
Uhh, but I guess things change
It's funny how someone else's success brings pain
When you're no longer involved
That person has it all
You just stuck standin' there
But I'm gonna need you to say something, baby
Say say something, baby, say something, baby, say something, baby
I'm gonna need you to say something, baby
I'm gonna need you to say something, baby
I am the topic of conversation
This is celebration
Let's toast to the fact that I've moved out my mama's basement
To a condo downtown, 'cause it's 'all about location'
I'm sitting, drink wine and watch Californication of life
You should have been here to kick it with me
We could have split this whole thing up, fifty fifty
But now I'm at the forty forty getting bitches tipsy
Killing shit, the ever so talented Mr. Ripley
How I go from being the man that you argue with
To me and Dwayne Carter putting out the hardest shit
I should want to go back to the one I started with
But I'm addicted to this life, it's gonna be hard to quit
Yeah, just ask me how things are coming along
You could tell me that you've never heard none of my songs
As long as you end up saying one day you plan to listen
'Cause what's a star when it's most important fan is missing?
[Verse 1]
Its ten oclock on a Wednesday and I know your home
Driving up and down your street hoping that you come outside
Cause I just got paid and I went and bought the car you wanted
And I just need you to see me (ohh)
Childish as it seems itll make it all better (better)
Selfish as it is this just aint about you (no)
Did me wrong every time were together (gether)
[Bridge]
And thats why Im gonna stunt on you
Im gonna stunt on you
You let me go, little did you know
I could have made it all on my own.
[Sean Garrett]
Junior high, played them High school, played them ...College well, you know... played them Me and my friends use to laugh about it, how we fade 'em Now Cupid is aiming his arrow right there at me No more nonchalence can I be, with you here starring at me With the most beautiful eyes that a nigga ever seen You pull an emotional vibe from my Soul, look at me You got my heart beating like my back is filled with batteries.
[Chorus]
For the first time Im in love, And I wanna tell everybody And I wanna tell everybody, what i'm feeling For the first time I feel love And I wanna tell everybody And I wanna tell everybody the feel...
Drizzy... Drake.
[Drake]
All them men before me did shit I would never do And I know you got your guards up, but they should let him through Just keep fightin' for our lovin' baby, I'll defend it too And if they try and tell me time is money I'd spend it with you I spend it all I spend it all I charge forever, to my card And pay it off, no interest lost I be right here, and like your favorite wine girl, I'm worth trying, but take it easy on me Cuz this my first time courtesy OriginaLyric.Info [Chorus]
For the first time Im in love, And I wanna tell everybody And I wanna tell everybody what i'm feeling For the first time I feel love And I wanna tell everybody And I wanna tell everybody the feeling
[Sean Garrett]
Now baby, baby You doin' things with my heart ain't never felt, it's so crazy I agreed to acknowledge love but refused to let it change me, I was so mistaken Your love like a Bentley coupe, took me out of a Mercedes Now baby, baby For so long I miss somebody My heart just been dazed with I went from not wanting a girlfriend to needing ya Lady I didn't think I'd ever see Me callin' to you, you voice before, I go to sleep
[Chorus]
For the first time Im in love, And I wanna tell everybody And I wanna tell everybody what i'm feeling For the first time I feel love And I wanna tell everybody And I wanna tell everybody the feeling
For the first time Im in love, And I wanna tell everybody And I wanna tell everybody what i'm feeling For the first time I feel love And I wanna tell everybody And I wanna tell everybody the feeling
[Sean Garrett]
I ain't never looked into a woman's eye worth of fire Bet I'm feelin while you holdin' me begging to take you higher For so long I wasn't faded, I couldn't admitted before But now I see what life's about, and i'm never goin' let you go Girl I'm growin' (don't wanna be selfish, I wanna be more accountable) I see us growing, Don't wanna miss out on a feeling I never had before
I got to tell the world, somebody gotta know What you'da done to me, I gotta let'em know
[Chorus]
For the first time Im in love, And I wanna tell everybody And I wanna tell everybody what i'm feeling For the first time I feel love And I wanna tell everybody And I wanna tell everybody the feeling
[Sean Garrett]
Two hearts, I use to say might make a great movie to watch on a late night but for me it ain't the way but baby thanks to you (I changed)
[Chorus]
For the first time Im in love, And I wanna tell everybody And I wanna tell everybody what i'm feeling For the first time I feel love And I wanna tell everybody And I wanna tell everybody the feeling
[End]
[Lykke Li:]
Hands down
I'm too proud for love
But with eyes shut
It's you I'm thinking of
[Drake:]
But how we move from A to B it can't be up to me
'cause you don't know
Who I was before you
Basically to see a change in me
I'd be losing, so I just ignore you, yeah
Oh, oho
But your on my mind, my mind, my mind, my mind, my mind
Oh, oho
But maybe in time, in time, in time
I'll tell you
[Chorus:]
A little bit, a little bit
A little bit in love with you
I guess that I'm a little bit, a little bit, a little bit in love with you
Oh, oho
[Drake:]
I know you told me break their hearts
But it's you I wanna take apart
And I will never ever be the first, to say it
But still I they know I ah ah ah
[Lykke Li:]
I would do it
Push a button
Pull a trigger
Climb a mountain
Jump off a cliff
'cause you know baby I love you love you
A little bit
You would do it
You would say it
You'd mean it
I would let you do it
It was you and I and I only
Ha, hm
I think I'm a little bit
Little bit
A little bit in love with you
But only if you're a little bit
Little bit
Little bit
In lo-lo-lo-lo-love with me
[Drake:]
I hope they never find out
What they already know, know, know
As soon as it's official
We'll have to let it go, go, go
So we don't confirm the fling
Keep avoiding all the questions
You could teach me many things
I'm just scared to learn a lesson
The pressures on
Both hearts beat like a metronome
Both n'sync like a Justin song
Feels so right but it's just so wrong
I wonder where my whereabouts?
Where niggas that I know, tryna talk my girl out
And her friends say I ain't the one to go for
She just get jealous 'cause you always get approached more
Oh, well, tell her fall back
caught up in some more shit
tell her call back
Tell her get a man that ain't cheating on her ass
With a girl that I know, yeah, tell her all that, that
And as for you I think I know you're the one
The closest I've come
I'm probably...
A little bit
A little bit
A little bit in love with you
I guess that I'm a little bit
A little bit
A little bit
A little bit in love with you
Oh oho
Lo-lo-lo-lo-love with me
Oh, oho, oh, oho
Yeah, look
It's what you all been waiting for ain't it
Your weekly entertainment
For me to get a hold of this beat
And go ahead claim it
I'm bout to paint a picture
You niggas go ahead frame it
Since we gettin Seinfeld
On some Jerry and Elaine shit
I flow far from mediocre
And if we talking cards I will fold him with the poker
You and your whole crew are like a deck of 54
So it's obvious ya'll gone steady be rollin with some jokers
Uh, and me, I'm rolling with some brokers
Like damn, could you niggas get any broker?
I got my new girl so content
Just save yourself the embarrassment, don't even approach her
Disguise yourself, go buy a costume
I am making stocks work, while you working stock rooms
Uh, and I was praying I would drop June,
But label reps applying pressure to make them pop tunes
So I keep it rocking for peets sake
You fake gangsta rappers are cliche
And if you ain't talking dough when you meet Drake
I'll be in your face,
Like "No speak a la ingls"
Soon as you hear it you quote it
They tryin to be the one that I done left out the show with
But trust me I'm aware, and my car's right there
Is this interior enough for your ulterior motives?
Cause if you like it you should stick with me
My money good, I ain't neva had to flip a key
A lotta ice, a lotta cream like Dickey D
Might cut the phone and disapear like Mishy Me
But I'm tryna have you on that trip with me
Slidin' through Henry Bendale like it's slippery
And yo ex man is a hater, officially
Probably cause he know I'm exactly what you wish he'd be
Yeah, that's the reason why he looking hard
Cause I done snatched the Chips Ahoy out his cookie jar
He just mad cause his girl at the house
With her tounge stickin' out,
Like a Michael Jordan rookie card
Let me address this, pardon me while I fix
A couple subliminal lines caught me in the mix
I guess he thought that he could've been gotti in the flix
But at this point I'm just poking a body with a stick
Now-a-days rapping is a children's hobby
And girls keep telling me I'm still as snobby
I tell them myself is who I am feeling probably
Just because I gotta buzz like a building lobby
It ain't a song that your ass finna skipp
I tried to sell weed, give me cash for this zip
The way your girlfriend pump me up in the car
Seem like she don't really need no gas for the trip
Millionaire shades, fade with the waves
I smirk at a nigga if he still rockin braids
That just let's me know that we ain't on the same page
And that goes out to every nigga except Trey
(Eyy) I'm outta here baby, they asked me about the past years and how does it phase me
I wouldn't take it back, nah not if you pay me
Mister, betcha that's expensive cause it's not a Fugazi
Spittin a crock pot of bottomless gravy
The shit is so nasty, how is it tasty?
And you can probably find him walking out of a Macy's
Forget it girl, they just thinking how to replace me
Exit with a joke, leave these niggas some hope
You took the 'Ye beat and you put that shit in a joke
Well, I'm thinking I should leave out on this note
Nigga keep your two cents I ain't trynna leave you broke
Life of a Don, lights keep glowin'
Come up in the club with that fresh shit on
Something crazy on my arm
And here's another hit barry bonds
(Intro)
Drake Talking/ad-libing:
Its Young Money Baby
I got something for these niggas to ride to
fa'sho
here I go
Verse 1:
let me do me, you just do you
I'm double cupped right now,
su-woop to the bangers,
su-woop to the bangers, (yeah)
and i say, i be on some G shit
i be on some G shit
check out what i done, and
check out who i be with
im me bitch, i said i'm me bitch
then it goes young, young, young, young, YOUNG
---Guitar Break---
Verse 2:
bust that pussy open, then i tell her bring it back
make sure you don't fall in love,
cuz i don't have the time for that
only thing i chase is money, if you tell me where its at
when you rich, there is a certain type of woman you attract
i say i be on some G shit, i be on some G shit
check some other niggaz for that Louis shopping spree shit
not me bitch, i said not me bitch
and it goes young, young, young, young, YOUNG
---Guitar Break/Breakdown/Solo---
Outro Verse
i ain't have sex in a long time 3x
are we havin is sex tonight?
ladies say, i ain't have sex in a long time
i a'int have sex in a long ass time
baby, i ain't have sex in a long time
are we havin is sex tonight, sex tonight
let me do me, you just do you
i'm double cupped right now
su-woop to the (whoa oh oh ohh)
Im tryin do it all tonight,
I got plans,
I got a certain lust for life,
And as it stands,
Everything is going as right,
As it can,
They tryin to shoot down my flight,
Before it lands,
Before it lands,
But you could miss me with all that,
Diss me then crawl back,
I really wish ya'll will fall back,
But gettin rich suppose to slove that,
And these days women make offers and who the hell am I to say,
No no no,
My ex send late night text cause she dont know how to let,
Go go go
She in love,
And as for them pretty light skinned models standin in the cold oh yea they with us,
Let them girls in for a drink,
And Im all in they ear,
Saying she should be the one I see,
Everytime that Im here but when am I really even here?
Black surburban wit the tent on it,
Fresher than a pillow with a mint on it,
The game got these old hand prints on it,
But ima be the one to pour cement on it,
And start over,
And show up in a Margiela tux,
I dont really give a fuck,
And we only getting older,
So what i tend to do is to think of today as the past,
Its funny when u coming in first but you hope that you last,
You just hope that it last,
that it last,
that it last,
that it last,
that it last,
......
......
......
......
Throw your ones up in the air,
Throw your ones up in the air for her,
Throw your ones up in the air
Throw your ones up
You know a lot of girls be
Thinking my songs are about them
This is not to get confused
This ones for you
Baby you're my everything, you're all I ever wanted
We could do it real big, bigger than you ever done it
You be up on everything, other hoes ain't never on it
I want this forever, I swear I could spend whatever on it
'Cause she hold me down every time I hit her up
When I get right I promise that we gone live it up
She make me beg for it, till she give it up
And I say the same thing every single time
I say, you da fuckin' best you da fuckin' best
You da fuckin' best you da fuckin' best
You the da best I ever had,
Best I ever had, best I ever had, best I ever had
I say you da fuckin'
Know you gotta roommate,
Call me when there's no one there,
Put the key under the mat and you know I be over there (yup)
I be over there, shawty I be over there
I be hittin' all the spots that you ain't even know was there
And you don't even have to ask twice,
You could have my heart, or we could share it like the last slice
Always felt like you were so accustomed to the fast life
Have a nigga thinking that he met you in a past life
Sweat pants, hair tied, chillin' with no make-up on
That's when you're the prettiest, I hope that you don't take it wrong
You don't even trip when friends say you ain't bringing drake along
You know that I'm working I be there soon as I make it home
And she a patient in my waiting room,
Never pay attention to the rumors and what they assume
And until em' girls prove it, I'm the one they never get confused wit
'Cause baby you're my everything, you're all I ever wanted
We could do it real big, bigger than you ever done it
You be up on everything, other hoes ain't never on it
I want this forever, I swear I could spend whatever on it
'Cause she hold me down every time I hit her up
When I get right I promise that we gone live it up
She make me beg for it, till she give it up
And I say the same thing every single time
I say, you da fuckin' best you da fuckin' best
You da fuckin' best you da fuckin' best
You the da best I ever had,
Best I ever had, best I ever had, best I ever had
I say you da fuckin'
Sex, love, pain, baby I be on that tank shit,
Buzz so big, I could probably sell a blank disk
When my album drop bitches will buy it for the picture
And niggas will buy two and claim they got it for they sister
Magazine paper girl but money ain't the issue
They bring dinner to my room and ask me to initial
She call me the referee cause I be so official
My shirt ain't got no stripes but I can make your pussy whistle
Like the Andy Griffith theme song,
And who told you to put them jeans on
Double cup love, you're the one I lean on
Feeling for a fix, than you should really get your fiend on
Yeah, just know my condo is the crack spot
Every single show she out there reppin' like a mascot
Get it from the back and make ya fuckin' bra strap pop
All up in your slot till a nigga hit the jack pot
Baby you're my everything, you're all I ever wanted
We could do it real big, bigger than you ever done it
You be up on everything, other hoes ain't never on it
I want this forever I swear I could spend whatever on it
Cause she hold me down every time I hit her up
When I get right I promise that we gone live it up
She make me beg for it, till she give it up
And I say the same thing every single time
I say, you da fuckin' best you da fuckin' best
You da fuckin' best you da fuckin' best
You the da best I ever had,
Best I ever had, best I ever had, best I ever had
I say, you da fuckin' best you da fuckin' best
You da fuckin' best you da fuckin' best
You da best I ever had,
Best I ever had, best I ever had, best I ever had
Uh, ah yeah
See this the type of joint you gotta dedicate to somebody
Just make sure they that special somebody
Young money, yeah yeah
You know who you are, I got you
Hey there, pretty girl, you know exactly what you got, and I don't blame you at all..
You can't resist it..
Especially when the lights so bright, and the money so right, and its comin in every single night
She don't wanna leave, she just stuck in..
Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlanta..she just stuck in
Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas
And she dance..to this song..and she dance to this song..and it go:
"Hey now now watch her go down"
She doesn't ever worry, if she wants it she'll get it on her own
She knows there's more to life, and she's scared of ending up alone
Throw your ones up in the air, throw your ones up in the air for her
Throw your ones up in the air, 'cause the ones you throw will get her out of:
Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlanta..she just stuck in
Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas
And she dance..to this song..and she dance to this song..and it go:
"Hey now now watch her go down"
We all got dreams and we all start reaching, all start peaking, all-star weekend..
One hotel room and all ya'll sleeping, housekeeping knock to see if all ya'll decent
Young girls envy the life ya'll leading, never satisfied with a nice calm evening
You be at the games looking right all season, but you always with me on the night ya'll leaving
Low, low, I always request you
You go get ****** up and we just show up at your rescue
Carry you inside get you some water and undress you
I give you my all, and the next morning you'll forget:
Who, or Why, or How, or When
Tonight is probably'about to happen all over again
'cause she live in a mindset that I could never move to
Until you find yourself, its impossible to lose you
Uh..because I never had you...
Although I would be glad to..
I probably go and tattoo..your name on my heart,
I swear
I start,
To think,
That I'm going crazy
Throw your ones up in the air, throw your ones up in the air for her
Throw your ones up in the air, 'cause the ones you throw will get her out of:
Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlanta..she just stuck in
Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas
And she dance..to this song..and she dance to this song..and it go:
"Hey now now watch her go down"
(Intro)
Drake Talking/ad-libing:
Its Young Money Baby
I got something for these niggas to ride to
fa'sho
here I go
(Verse 1)
let me do me, you just do you
i'm double cupped right now,
su-woop to the bangers,
su-woop to the bangers, (yeah)
and i say, i be on some G shit
i be on some G shit
check out what i done, and
check out who i be with
im me bitch, i said i'm me bitch
then it goes young, young, young, young, YOUNG
---Guitar Break---
(Verse 2)
bust that pussy open, then i tell her bring it back
make sure you dont fall in love,
cuz i dont have the time for that
only thing i chase is money, if you tell me where its at
when you rich, there is a certain type of woman you attract
i say i be on some G shit, i be on some G shit
check some other niggaz for that louis shopping spree shit
not me bitch, i said not me bitch
and it goes young, young, young, young, YOUNG
---Guitar Break/Breakdown/Solo---
(Outro Verse)
i a'int have sex in a long time x3
are we havin is sex tonight?
ladies say, i aint have sex in a long time
i a'int have sex in a long ass time
baby, i aint have sex in a long time
are we havin is sex tonight, sex tonight
let me do me, you just do you
im double cupped right now
su-woop to the (whoa oh oh ohh)
---Fade---
[Verse: Bishop Brigante]
It`s Fucking Losers Like You, That Make Me Do What I Do
Make Me Hate Where I`m From, You As Fake As They Come
Everybody Got Guns, Who The Fuck Gonna Squeeze
Everybody Got Sars, You Ain`t Fucking With These
Why You Wish To Be Ghetto, Tell Me What`s It About
Why You Trynna Get In Where I`m Trynna Get Out
Why Won`t You Just Be Yourself, Why Won`t You Tell Us The Truth
Like How You Only Load Guns When You Up In The Booth
You Ain`t Nothing To Shoot, You Don`t Even Exist
You Just A Fantasy, Family As Weak As It Gets
You Ain`t Speakin A Bitch, Cause I Don`t Listen To Chicks
I Don`t Argue With Broads, Cause I`m Really A Pimp
But I Will Tell You This, As Far As Y`all Are Concerned
Pull Out My Santa Clause, And Make The Holidays Burn
You Can Call Me The Grinch, Cause Y`all Are Nothing But Hoos
Just Another Bunch Of Phony Acts With Nothing To Prove
[Verse: Ken Masters]
Ahaha Yo
Now Let The Kids Grill At The Rider`s Ride (Ride)
We Spending All Day, These Niggas Idolize (Aha)
They Claim They Want Fame Nigga So We Decided That We Gon Make `em Some Stars Until The Drama Dies
But They Can Go Back To They Holes Where They Mama Lies
Or Write More Lies About They Drugs, Guns Or Homicides
Funny, Claim The Thug Life That They Abiding By
Run The Corner Then They Turn Into The Silent Type, Wanna Conpremise
My Niggas We Ride Or Die
And Roll With The Bitches That Got They Body Right
These Niggas Ain`t Built Ain`t Got The Body Type
Time To Break A Nigga`s Spirit Like The Amistad, Trynna Fool The Audience (Who Run It)
Feel The Ambience, Stars In The Presence, Kings Of The City Are Appalled By The Peasants
Ain`t Gotta Say Names, We Can All Get A Reference
Brains In The Info From Your Broads In The West End
Masters, Flowing Staggers On Bars
Nigga Stay Mad Cause His Swagger`s On Mars
Y`all Niggas Ain`t Thinking We Callng Y`all Tards
Claim You Want War, Okay, On Guard
[Verse: Young Tony]
Ayo, Hey You Mr. Rapper Guy (You)
When You In The Booth, Tell Me Why You Have To Lie (Why)
Come On, Spit The Truth
All I Hear Is Bang Bang, Hustle This, Hustle That (Lying)
But If You Hustle Crack, Then Where The Money At ?
No Proof, Dr Seuss, Story Telling When He Rhyme Like
Once Upon A Time I Was Really On The Grind
There`s Another Lie, Couldn`t Out-Hustle Me
Hating When It Come To D, I Can Take You`re Starting 5
I`m Only Goin At Generic Rap Niggas That,
Rap About Ki`s But Couldn`t Show Me 10gs,
And These Niggas Dry Snitching On They Tees,
Standing Out, Like A Sore Thumb To The D`s,
My Niggas Please, If You Really Had Work,
You Would Do What You Do And Wouldn`t Put It On Your Shirt,
It Makes My Heart Hurt When Dumb Niggas Act Hood,
You Ain`t No Hustla, Just A Nigga That Can Rap Good
[Verse: Jonny Roxx]
See There`s A Height Requirement, Nigga To Mention My Name (Smarten Up)
How The Fuck You Little Niggas Can`t Stay In Your Lane
Man You Offered Me A Truce And I Took It (Aigh)
Now I Hear This Bullshit So How The Fuck Am I To Overlook It
Look If This Little Nigga Survive Then It Gotta Be God
How The Fuck Are You A Hustla With Your Factory Job ?
And I Dont Get It, Nigga Im A Fucking Diabetic
And I Don`t Usually Eat Y`all Sweet Niggas
Evertime I See Y`all Retard Niggas Y`all Bitch Out
Waddup Roxx ? Now We Cool ? Then You Dip Out
Talkin All That Bang Bang Shit, Pull A Clip Out
Sayin` You A Blood, Next Week You Prolly Crip Out
I`m Saying, We Don`t Believe Y`all Niggas (Nah)
G-35, X5 Nah Niggas (Yeah)
This Here Is A Public Announcement For My Niggas (Yeah)
No More Goodnight, Good Morning, Goodbye Niggas
[Verse: Jd Era]
I Don`t Appreciate Niggas Sayin` My Name In They Bullshit
It`s Like Putting A Knife Against The Lyrical Full-Clip
Do Shit On My Own, I Never Asked For Help
If I Was Rapping Like Y`all I Woulda Killed Myself
And Naw This Ain`t Beef, It`s Missing A Few Ingredients
Dog You Ain`t General, Stick To Being Obedient
Piggy Back, That Ain`t Something I Had To Do
Laughing At Drake ? You Shoulda Seen How I Was Laughing At You
I Don`t Beef Over Little Shit, Angry ? A Little Bit
Little Niggas Get Little Recognition You Little Bitch
I Don`t Do The Little Subliminals, I`m Addressin` It
Littles Wanna Get In The Middle Then I`m Suggesting It
They Called You A Bitch, Were Trynna Act Out
They Challenge Him To A Fight And Then They Back Out
So Tell Me How The Fuck I Can Respect You Cats
If You A Gangsta, Then What Part Of The Game Is That ?
[Verse: Drake]
Hey Yo Aristo I`m Lost
Can You Tell Me Whats Going On In The Streets
How It Feel To Count Dough
While You Palmin` The Heat
And Yes I Asked For A 16
You Did Your 16
I Heard That Weak Shit And Only Wanted The Beats (It`s True)
But Fuck The Money And The Cars That I Drive To Set
And Fuck The Women Thats Lying To All The Guys They Met (Fuck All Of That)
And Fuck The Features On My Songs
And The Deals On The Table
Or Basically Just Fuck Everything That You Strive To Get
And It`s The Room Of Resolution
I`m Finishing It In Here
If I Copy Budden`s Flow, You Mimicing His Career
And The Same Money We Hearing You Giving To Charity
You Need To Be Giving To Littles To Give Him Some Clarity (What Up Littles)
Cuz Thats Your Homeboy I Think He`s Owed That Much
Tell Him Pressing 25 Don`t Mean You Sold That Much
And Breana, I Don`t Mean To Alarm Ya
But You Need To Get Outside The Car
To Shoot This Video In Parma (Tony!)
You Act Like You Hood And Hood Niggas`ll Harm Ya
And This Is Not Hating My Nigga We Call It Karma
But Yo Thuglife, Show Me Where That Hammer Be
Yes I Took A El On My Own And They Didn`t Damage Me
You Try To Cover Up Your Lies Like A Canopy
And Try To Pull 17 Year Olds Down In Bramalea (I Know About It)
And We Don`t Got It Out For You
We Just Saying That Don`t Nobody Vouch For You
Nope, Nobody Thorough Is Willing To Give A Cosign (Nobody)
And You Don`t Even Sell Blow, You Just Blow Time
You Can`t Even Get A Factor Grant
So Stop Rapping, Go Fix Parts At A Tractor Plant (Damn)
And Listen Here Tetely T
You One Of The Seven Dwarfs Standing Next To Me
You Probably Snitching In Court, Then Accept The Plea
And I Hear You Paying These Women And I Sex For Free (What Up Sweetheart)
But Dog, How Did This Start
How We Get To This Part
We All Got Niggas Doing Bids Mr. Wishheart (What Up Cam)
It`s Not Cool To Use Another Nigga`s As A Threat Tho`
I Said You A Bitch, I Heard A Seven Man Echo
You Saying I Hustle, My Source For Currency Coke
They Saying You Never Moving It And Currently Broke
And You Risk Doing Crack Time And Hang Around Black Crime
Just So You Can Have Something To Say In You Rap Lines
They Say Drake Killed It Like Young Girls At A Private School (I Did)
Dog If I Were You, I Tell You What I Would Do
I Would Cut Ties With The Cops And Just Make Them Fire You
Lose The Body Pack And The Velcro You Feed The Wire Through
Tell Them Not To Call And That`s Even If They Require You
Cuz They The Only People Recording That Wanna Hire You (It`s True)
With What I Spend In A Weekend I Could Aquire You
Some Of Them Believe You Got Money You Little Liar You
But, I Don`t Admire You Short Niggas Tell Tall Tales
Good Riddance Aristo I Just Retired You!
Drake:
It may not mean nothin to yall
but understand nothin was done for me
so i dont plan of stoppin at all
i want this shit forever mayne
im shuttin shit down in the mall
and tell every girl she the one for me
and i aint even plannin to call
i want this shit forever mayne
(Lil Wayne)
Shit, nigga, this what i does
i swear i aint lyin like this is my cubs
this is my tub
and im dirtier then the summer bitch
weezy F. baby always lookin like i done some shit
you aint know nuttin bitch
better know who you fuckin with
try to fuck me, i kill you and who you comin with
no homo, T I had to go stupid
im on them high heels and i am no Boots
Collins avenue ridin with the phantom roof gone
or the maybach two tone and my rims are to grown
that mean they 24's boy, what are you on?
im richer then a bitch without the grey pupon
yea, im talkin out of my head
i make a blue-eyed bitch just admire my red
ima blood muthafucka a blood muthafucka
forever like E-T-C peri-od muthafucka
Drake:
it may not mean nothin to yall
but understand nothin was done for me
so i dont plan on stoppin at all
i want this shit forever mayne
im shuttin shit down in the mall
and tellin every girl she the one for me
and i aint even plannin to call
i want this shit forever mayne
(Drake)
look i tell her
I'm so unsigged, it would blow ones mind
cuz to every single record i am so unkind
there are no holds barred there is no love lost
nigga this that crack and you know drugs cost
so P-A-Y-U-P, i dont think you'll ever find another nigga like me
neva L-I-E, i got everything i tell them i got
this young nigga showboat like im sellin a yacht
ya heard me
who else tryna smoke? yea nigga me too
cuz take my mind off the presure is what weed do
ya girl wetter then the bottom of a ski-doo
and take a bitch from any nigga its what we do
so bite down hoe and get the right dentist
i told wayne im goin in like a life sentence
and understand i send shots of who its meant for
never had a mentor, copy that: 10-4
Drake:
it may not mean nothin to yall
but understand nothin was done for me
so i dont plan on stopping at all
i want this shit forever mayne
im shuttin shit down in the mall
and tellin every girl she the one for me
and i aint even plannin to call
i want this shit forever mayne
(Kid-Kid):
put on my O-J gloves and go kill this shit
make a plummer throw his plunger like "i cant deal with this shit"
the sound throwed off i stay on pitch
the flow aint formed, well I dont slack on shit
bitch im back on my shit like a fly
since you wan' be fly throw you off the roof, fly
like pookie, take a dookie on the rapper loose leaf throw
andthrow trash bag through the window lookie
to a shark you just sushi
you aint hard ya coohie walle oochie
soft as newborn booty
uhn said im movin slow im just thinkin fast
look back I aint behind ya, im bout to lap ya ass
and nigga I dont rest, im up until my times up
I been a tec' chef for all my beef prime cut
this aint punch lines, nigga ya punch is lime (lame)
cuz the only punch you ever gave was Hawaiian.
Here we go..
I'm still fly
I'm sky high and I dare anybody tuh try and cut my wings.
I'm still pullin out the phantom and these haters can't stand me nigga I'm still doin my thing.
I'm still fly
I'm sky high and I dare anybody tuh try and cut my wings.
I'm still shuttin cities down everytime I come around.
Nigga I'm still doin my thing.
I'm still, I'm still.
Responsible for everything you listen to my meteocre talent proceeds to try and condition you.
Took over my city and I never asked permission to.
Started poppin bottles 'cause its ATL tradition to celebrate it by hard
Fuck a nigga so hard.
If there ain't a elevator in this its a no go.
Coldest thing droppin is these bitches wanna snowblow.
And they just gimme head while the haters gimme promoooo!
And man my dj shoulda won that.
Well listen and respect mann the city owes us one bag.
All these old hands keep their minds on one track.
And me I run Toronto holla at me when you done laps.
Roll around with nikko, party with a zukka.
Shot goes out the wonder, shot goes out the future, shot goes out the getty mutha fucka I am ready.
And whoever got the torch just can't seem tuh hold it steady 'cause I see the flame flickerin, ex girls bickerin, got these women jockin me from heartlake road tuh pickerin.
I tried tuh send my nigga shorts, I'm certefied in michigan but my connects said it'll take a minute if yer listenin.
Please start doin you.
I've been doing me and I'm a staple in my city you can never ruin me.
Rappers are emotional, critics be reviewin me but I got love for everybody even if yer suin me.
My brotha be-rain knows we fuck with the same hoes plus he taught me how tuh spot an officer in plain clothes.
Starin at you pussy niggas, all I see is rainbows.
Hoppin on a jet tuh every lil wayne show.
Me and lil jazzy please do not harass me just hollar if you got me and fuck you if you had me.
Shot goes out tuh brian e, shot out tuh photo will.
Shout out tuh all our forty men boy you know the deal.
Shout out tuh mayhem. shout out tuh p plus.
The names I mention are crucial you gonna need us.
And life is good, everything is just fine.
I am so sure of my lines I can sacrifice a line like...
Nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh.
Oh yeah I swear I really fuckin does it!
I had these niggas trippin on luggage.
I'm still fly
I'm sky high and I dare anybody tuh try and cut my wings.
I'm still pullin out the phantom and these haters can't stand me nigga in still doin my thing.
I'm still fly
I'm sky high and I dare anybody tuh try and cut my wings.
I'm still shuttin cities down everytime I come around.
Nigga I'm still doin my thing.
I'm still, I'm still.
[Intro: Drake]
I can buy it all out
But this the only shit that I sip though
So tell 'em bring the waitress
And I won't even ask what it is, no
Just send it to the bar like (like)
Send it to the bar like (like)
Send it to the bar like (like)
Like them niggas over there wanna...
[Hook: Drake]
Pop Rose' (Hey... ay ay)
Pop Rose' (Hey... ay ay)
Pop Rose' (Hey... ay ay)
Pop Rose'
[Verse 1: Drake]
Uh... They say you get paid when you think ahead
Valentine's Day girl, all you see is pink and red
[Trey Songz:]
Eeeyup!
[Verse 1: Drake]
And everything is on me
Rose' spade, to the '96 Don P
Hang around us, and I bet you
Will get to stunt on whoever ya sittin' next to
You put 'em all on, and watch 'em run with it
And then wait for whatever's next when I'm done with it
And niggas show hate, period
It's like they all pregnant, they late, period
Yeah... and shit's all good
The deal got signed and my split's all good
And some people pretendin' that it's all good
Say that shit in person man I wish ya'll would
Yeah I told you I partied with Azuka
I'll let them other niggas Grey Goose ya,
Cause we about to...
[Trey Songz:]
Eeeyup!
[Hook: Trey Songz]
Pop Rose'
Pop Rose' (Ooooh!)
Pop Rose' (Ooooh!)
Pop Rose'
[Verse 2: Trey Songz]
If your beat gets released then I'm a take it
If your girl is a freak, then I'm her favorite
Got my partner with me, this is a replacement
Who do it like I do? You tellin' a lie fool
Leave the beat dead, all read like Piru
Been around the world, all girls like fly dudes
You a herb, get on her nerves like flies do
You need more girls, go call my manager
Two, three, four more, sure, we can handle ya
Gimme e'rythang I want, don't mess my order up
And her ass on point so my homie brought her up
Ma passed me the blunt, then I told her pour it up
In a flash we was gone, and you know I tore it up
Breast, ass, silicone, sex hot as Florida
South Beach, mouthpiece could swallow a Porterhouse
Yup, it get nasty, then I get gully
Grab the coochie, then the Gucci skully
A whole pack of rubbers, then I burned rubber
You cuddle undercovers, tellin' her you love her
When it come to verses, swear that I'm perfect
Murder in the first it's chllin in the hearses
Worthless, singing off key on purpose
We gon' pop, fuck urban (Ooooh!)
[Trey Songz:]
Eeeyup!
[Hook: Trey Songz]
Pop Rose' (Ooooh!)
Pop Rose' (Fa Sho... Ooooh!)
Pop Rose' (Fa Sho... Ooooh!)
Pop Rose'
[Trey Songz:]
Eeeyup!
[Bridge: Drake]
Are you drunk? I'm faded too
When you get money they just hate on you
But, fuck them, there's all these ladies in my view
So I buy out baby
[Trey Songz:]
Eeeyup!
[Drake:]
Buy out baby
Buy out baby
Buy out baby...
(DRAKE)
spendin every moment in the studio
i neva said it be fair
but when your all alone i hope you truly know
how bad i wanna be there
(CHORUS)
come right in
set your bag down
took a night off for you
go ahead and
turn the lights off
but keep your heels on
their fittin for what im about ta do oh
no you aint explainin how you want it done
how i want it done
just be quiet ill do fine witout your help gurl
can you work witout a second for some fun
now you finally got a moment for yourself gurl
and i kno wat to do wit it X4
(LLOYD)
ive been waitin for so long to get you all alone
now i finally got you right here
so baby ima lock ma door and disconnect my fone
cause i wanna make one thing clear i want you
on top so let your hair down
i took the night off for you
gurl im gonna
turn the lights off
but keep your heels on
theyre fittin for wat were about to do oh
(CHORUS)
come right in
set your bag down
took a night off for you
go ahead and
turn the lights off
but keep your heels on
their fittin for what im about ta do oh
no you aint explainin how you want it done
how i want it done
just be quiet ill do fine witout your help gurl
can you work witout a second for some fun
now you finally got a moment for yourself gurl
and i kno wat to do wit it X4
o0h iitsz 6oclock in the morning at the studio
(INTRO)
I remember me an D used to talk bout dis kinda stuff all tha time like wat its gone be like wen u get closer to ur dreams...I didnt kno much then but I proly kan tell u alittle sumthan now
(Verse 1)
mister big dreams
no tolerance
cut u at tha house
an have a hollow sense
get bored quickly
he stay grown
so tha P.A-trone
had to get pored quickly
ex girl strippen
i cant stoppa
new girl trippen
but i cant droppa
cuz i need sumthan
to balance out tha fact
dat its hard to find a women
wen u talented an black
wen u hollerin at labels
an dey silencin u back
cuz u feel dat therally
disguise sum violence in ur track
well
gunshot for tha young
yeh i owner
you c its everybody else
den dares 1 top lowner
1st place
is often tha worst place
but fuck it i love it here
i call it ma birth place
wenever i walk in
dey makin tha worst face
surrounded by phillipinos
i think of tha worst case
watch warm green diomonds
i call it tha earth face
im gettin ur cake
I'll tell u how ur desert taste
i get a desert plate
i eat pedigree as ya meal
i been erkal sum years
dis betta be in jaleel
doe i rock lean snap
it betta be an its real
its betta drivin a car
wit tha letter B in tha wheel
see babe
light sayin tank on E
i got tha drank on me
u betta bank on me
to be tha 1 an only nigga
dat u aint gone
in tha club wit a model
spillin dranks on me
nah
give me 20
an tha tank on 3
im n tha range bumpin keisha cole
singin of key like
(SINGING)
ima spare yall
Y u wanna judge me
i dnt never compare
tha city is mine
i kno it because im thare yall
it aint really started
im really tryin to prepare yall
spring 07
second quater im droppin
with or without a label
man im cummin in to poppin
an take over tha summer
tour to tour hoppin
ima meet alot of women
ima do alot of shoppin
dare aint no other option
spend alot of money
jus to make it back
anbody out dare steal a song
i wont take it back
same rappers dats all in your face
sayin drake is whack
r checkin ma invellibilty
jus make a track
i promise momma ima do it
cuz i kno i put u threw it
an i just want u to sit around
wit ur friends at tha dinner table
an say ma baby famous an i
kneeewww it
an it wasnt nuttin to it
im drawin an drew it
till tha pin was out of fluid
tha ballpiont run out
tha all jionts cum out
classic
rappers r fake
we can all point 1 out
You know, you know
How the story go
You just jumped my style
You just stole my flow
You just seen me out
You gets no hello
And you wonder why?
Man you know, you know
Yeah, and you should let them boys know too
Show them niggas every single thing I showed you
I'm here feeling like 50 back in '02
And everybody saying I'm the man
So true
Yeah, but what does it take to feel secure?
A place with wooden floors
A space to put awards
A couple of parking spots
And maids to do the chores
The cars you always wanted
And women that you adore
Well I got it, I got it
I wonder if I'd be happy without it
I doubt it
I try not to really think about it
I made it but I'm still playing like I'm being scouted till I'm out it
Game time bitch
I hope your proud of us
King James shit
Watch me throw the powder up
This old G got my whole suite clouded up
And I bet you I be outta time before I'm outta luck
They ain't rooting for me
They ain't clapping for me
I'm only saying iwhy can't someone be happy for me?
I really hate to say I told you so
So I bite my tongue
But you know, you know
This is hard right
Please make your long story shorter
Cos time is at the essence for the king of first quarter
Numbers do the talking
I have nothing for reporters
I just hope we get these flights and don't get held up at the border
Yeah, so you can spare me all the alcalays
I'm the real reason you can find my city on an atlas page
Half a million dollars later and my tax is paid
And I'm still spitting money from my active days
Damn, life is such a lovely thing
Feel the perks that a 7 digit budget bring
Tell your girlfriend that I could pull some fucking strings
So at courtside when I'm wrong get a fucking ring
Yeah, I bet I'll be there, I'll be there
You see that 62 sitting outside
That's me there
I'm jumping to the time that's my leap year
Prepare
Putting in that overtime
I never said it'd be fair
I'm always left wishing that I could of done it in person
My apologies to all of the ones I was hurting
I got new girls but none of their love is for certain
I call old girls but none of their numbers are working
Damn, what happened to us?
Life can always change
You have to adjust
How come when I gotta carter you stare at me in disgust?
I say it's just to have fun
You should see that as a plus
Especially when I come flying through the door
I can't ignore
The paparazzi outside trying to record
Why's every woman never down here before?
Am I the only 23 year old, why can't I soar?
The rough child, the crews, the guy thats in the open seats
It's always nice when your out with someone who notices
A condo, got that art gallery openings
I'm just hoping that isn't what my hoping is
They ain't rooting for me
They ain't clapping for me
I'm only saying why can't someone just be happy for me?
I really hate to say I told you so
So I bite my tongue
But you know, you know
Ay
Chyea baby
Squad
Baby, won't you come my way?
Got something I want to say
Cannot keep you out my brain
But first off I'mma start by saying this, ayy
All headshots if you think you could take my bitch, ayy
And I'm too turnt, when I shoot, swear I won't miss, ayy
Ba-Baby, won't you come my way?
Baby, won't you come my way?
Ba-Ba-Baby
This is something you should know, I don't ever chase no hoes
I spotted you, you had that glow, watch me pull out all this dough
Take you where you want to go, flexing on your ex, I know
He ain't ever take you out, barely even left your house
How dare that nigga run his mouth, when his pockets in a drought
The last single he put out, didn't even make it out
And he dumb as hell and I swear his ass don't think, ayy
If he disrespect, two shots and I won't blink, ayy
Never really cared what the fuck these niggas think, ayy
I got deep pockets and I swear my shit's on sink, ayy
And he mad as fuck, big ZooWap all she sing, ayy
And he mad as fuck, big ZooWap in her dreams, ayy
Well he mad as fuck, when they sex, she scream for me, ayy
Big ZooWap what these niggas should be, ayy
Baby, won't you come my way?
Got something I want to say
Cannot keep you out my brain
But first off I'mma start by saying this, ayy
All headshots if you think you could take my bitch, ayy
And I'm too turnt, when I shoot, swear I won't miss, ayy
Ba-Baby, won't you come my way?
Baby, won't you come my way?
All I gotta do is put my mind to this shit, goddamn!
Cancel out my ex, I put a line through that bitch
I like all my S's with two lines through them shits
Everybody tryna fuck you but I'm fine with that shit
I never mind, girl that's just you
I know you work hard for your shit
You know they gon' hate
Just don't play no part in that shit
They should call me James
'Cause I'm goin' hard in this bitch
We're just so much smarter than them
Maybe I just needed you around me
Drank a lot tonight, I know
She can drive your car and you can roll
Take you where you wanna go
First off, I'ma start by sayin' this
Goddamn, goddamn
Baby, won't you come my way?
Got something I want to say
Cannot keep you out my brain
But first off I'mma start by saying this, ayy
All headshots if you think you could take my bitch, ayy
And I'm too turnt, when I shoot, swear I won't miss, ayy
Ba-Baby, won't you come my way?
Baby, won't you come my way?
I forgot to call to you on your birthday
You swear you're the last thing on my mind, yeah
There is nothing I can do to fix it
All you ever asked me for was time
When the lights don't glow the same way that they use to
And I finally get a moment to myself
I will realize you were everything I'm missing
And you tell me you're in love with someone else
So can you do me a favor if I pull it together
Make it sooner than later, we won't be here forever
And I realize I waited to know
But please don't move on
You don't need no one else
You don't need no one else, oh
You don't need no one else
You don't need no one else, oh
You don't need no one else
You just changed your hair and it looks perfect
Wish I was the first to let you know
Every chance I get to make it better
I just find a way to let it go
When the lights don't glow the same way that they use to
And I finally get a moment to myself
I will realize you were everything I'm missing
And you tell me you're in love with someone else
So can you do me a favor if I pull it together
Make it sooner than later, we won't be here forever
And I realize I waited to know
But please don't move on
You don't need no one else
You don't need no one else, oh
You don't need no one else
You don't need no one else, oh
You don't need no one else
The girl or the world, you see someone gotta lose
I thought I could have it all, do I really gotta choose
What good is all the cash if it doesn't buy time
And what good is bein' famous if I'm never on your mind
Nights fallen, light glowing
And I'm just tryna pay the price owing
And I don't wanna feel the comfort from my ice showing
And I ain't tryna be without you at the right moments
Nigga, nice goin', is it worth it, that decision
'Cause hearts break and I ain't tryna be in that collision
So I'ma dust my shirt and fix my pants
'Cause I better look good, girl, if this my chance, I swear
So can you do me a favor if I pull it together
Make it sooner than later we won't be here forever
And I realize I waited to know
But please don't move on
You don't need no one else
You don't need no one else, oh
You don't need no one else
You don't need no one else, oh
You don't need no one else
[Drake:]
D-D-D-Do That
[Hook:]
I got friends with money, and I got money too
So we put it together and let you pick what to do
And then we do it!
(Little nigga, you know I'm gettin' money)
Cause we can do it!
(Little nigga, you know I'm gettin' money)
I got friends with money, and I got money too
So we put it together and let you pick what to do
And then we do that!
(Little nigga, you know I'm gettin' money)
Cuz we can do that!
(Little nigga, you know I'm gettin' money)
[Verse 1:]
Uh, Focus on women then you get less done
It's light work, the flow is heavy like a wet sponge
I'm gettin' rich 'cause I think bein broke is less fun
Celebratin' Father's Day everyday, so don't get sonned
Where you tryin' to go? I'm ready
Pick any place in the world, the dough is comin' in steady
I'm chillin' out with T, and Jay and Nico
My city ain't a city that support they own people
But I run it, you say something' about it? I doubt it
I got this Gucci wallet, I do not leave home without it
I'm bout it, I'm bout it, I'm standin' on these couches
Sayin' "bring this booth a bottle, no we do not need a spout bitch! "
Pardon me that was rude
If you just started ballin' I say I'm bout to conclude
What more is there to do? And why would I pretend?
She call me and I hit it every time like 'SEND'... Damn.
[Hook:]
I got friends with money, and I got money too
So we put it together and let you pick what to do
And then we do it!
(Little nigga, you know I'm gettin' money)
Cause we can do it!
(Little nigga, you know I'm gettin' money)
I got friends with money, and I got money too
So we put it together and let you pick what to do
And then we do that!
(Little nigga, you know I'm gettin' money)
Cuz we can do that!
(Little nigga, you know I'm gettin' money)
[Verse 2:]
Yeah, Look
Me and 40 wildin', stylin', somewhere on a island
Lay her down and fold her like that shit you put a file in
We all get to pitch in and that's when it gets to pilin'
And I'm callin' yo bluff, don't act like you don't me dialin'
Never embellish, believe him 'cause he exist
There's stars on my team but I lead the league in assists
Never been a believer that previously exists
I wonder what I'd be doin' when previously is this
I do breakfast at the Ivy, you can grab some lunch to go
Havin' dinner at Chateau's, right across from Lindsey Loooo-han
Don't I treat you better than your ooo-old man
He couldn't of done it like this sho' 'nuff
I tend to dro' puff, I'm throwed and I'm high
I guess I'm thrower up
Tone it all down, my nigga grow up
And tell me when you start gettin' paid to show up... Damn.
[Hook:]
I got friends with money, and I got money too
So we put it together and let you pick what to do
And then we do it!
(Little nigga, you know I'm gettin' money)
Cause we can do it!
(Little nigga, you know I'm gettin' money)
I got friends with money, and I got money too
So we put it together and let you pick what to do
And then we do that!
(Little nigga, you know I'm gettin' money)
Cause we can do that!
(Little nigga, you know I'm gettin' money)
Please
DDDDamn what did I comsume
Something spinning fast either me or the room I bet you it's the Room, 'cause I don't do no drugs or maybe it's that 'Tron 'cause I Do have a buzz baby either way I'm thowd and I'm on a mission so if Your ears a virgin I advise you not to listen
'Cause this shit here isn't Kosher and this shit isn't Christian This that motherfuckin' heat that you can find up in the kitchen Baby holla at yo' nigga, I got that shit for low OK I don't but Garentee someone I know does
Wait let me slow it down down I'm getting ahead plus it's gettin' Hot and I'm a take a seat instead, I'm lucky I ain't dead I'm on a Roller coaster ride y'all, we all of age and I ain't got nothing to Hide y'all, and in this game I'm a title in a tides small so drop me In and I realease just like a time bomb
Every record that I done, the station played it, this the city that I've run it's the shit that I created, they tellin' me I'm the one And I haven't even made it
Maybe I'm hearing things 'cause I'm feelin' like faded, I'm feelin' Like I'm faded faded fa faded fa faded faded fa faded fa faded faded Fa faded fa faded, I'm feeling like I'm faded faded fa faded fa Faded faded fa faded fa faded faded fa faded fa faded I'm fellin'.
What you mean I ain't call you?
I hit you when I landed
I'm waiting in my hotel room
Seems like we are arguing more and it's getting less romantic
Yeah, I think she'll be able to tell soon
But I f-cked you right I will
I f-cked you right I will
I'll f-ck you like no-one has ever ever made you feel
I mean it's part of our relationships, amazing still
I might just put up with the arguing and stay for real
You looking mad, girl for goodness sakes
You with all those curves and me without no breaks
Ooh, I'm willing to work it out however long it takes you
You feel like you miss those happy days well girl that makes two of us
Our timing is wrong
Your friends always tying up every line on your phone
Yeah but tell them b-tches that you'll always be my missus
And the hardest part about the f-cking business is minding your own
Uhh, and everytime I try and break it off
We just yell until we tired then I break you off
It's useless all this fighting lets get past it now
Even when I throw them deuces you just send it back around
[Drake intro]
Yeah, I appreciate your patience tonight
It's been a moment since I done some public speaking
I find nowadays its best to keep quiet
But uh
Sometimes you just gotta let it out
Young Angel and Young Lion
You know what it is
[Drake]
Ughh Look
I'm the property of October
I ain't drive here
I got chauffeured
Bring me champagne flutes, Rose and some shots over
I think better when I'm not sober
I Smoke goodie no glaucoma
I'm a stock holder
Private flights back home
No stop over
Still spittin' that shit that they shot Pac over
The shit my mother looked shocked over
Haha yeah
They a canvas
I'm the group of 7
A migraine, take 2 Excedrin
I'm the one twice over
I'm the new 11
And if I die
I'ma do it reppin'
I never do a second
I swear niggaz be eyeing me all hard
And lying to their girls
And drivin' the same cars
Sittin' there,
Wishing their problems became ours
'Cuz we have nothing in common
Since I done became star
I done became bigger
Swervin' right into my peer's lanes
Same dudes that used to holler my engineer's name
One touch
I could make the drapes and the sheers change
And show me the city
That I without fear claim
What I set seems to never extinguish
Coolest kid out baby
Word to Chuck Inglish
Count my own money
See the paper cut fingers
My song is your girlfriend's wakin' up ringer
Haha
Or alarm or whatever
She be here 6 in the morn'
If I let her
But I never get attracted to fans
'Cuz a eager beaver
Could be the collapse of a dam
Always knew that I could figure
How to get these label heads to offer him good figures
And me doing the shows
Getting everyone nervous
'Cuz them hipsters gone have to get along with them hood niggaz
It's all good
I'm going off like lights when the shows' over
Make pasta rent a movie called hoes over
Rest in peace to Heath Ledger
But I'm no "Joker"
I'll slow roast ya
Got no holster
Wet glass on your table nigga
No coaster
Burn bread everyday boy
No toaster
G & Tez got a cig
But I'm no smoker
They just handed chips to me nigga
No poker
I'm with a Young Money Cash Money soldier
My cup runneth over
The same niggaz I ball with
I fall with
On some Southern draw shit
Rookie of the year
0 6, Chris Paul shit
D.R., CJ & Po
I see y'all
These cases don't work out
I hope we can agree on
Makin' enough to pay any Judge Judy off
First thing I'm a do is
Free Weezy
Go..
[Lil' Wayne]
And I'll take probation
I don't want that T.I. and Vick vacation
Private plane
Big location
I'm going to the bank
To make a big donation
Yeah
I don't stunt
I stunt hard
And if the food ain't on the stove
I hunt for it
But in the mean time
You can call me Young Roy, Jones Junior
Fightin' the drugs and gun charges
Shit
Don't leave me unguarded
And I'm a cheese head
Word to Vince Lambardy
Word to Marky Mark
Leave a snitch departed
All that blood like the Red Sea parted
My gun go crazy like its retarded
Red light on it like its recordin'
I ain't recordin'
I'm Just C-4in'
My currency foreign
We are in
A lead they aren't
Better dig in your pocket
And pay homage
Better cover your eyes
Your face fallin'
Watch the game from the side
I'm play callin'
No, I didn't say that I'm flawless
But I
Damn sure don't tarnish
My pistol got comments
For your garments
I'm so high
I can vomit on a comet
K.Y. no homo
I'm on it
Weezy F. baby
Newborn bitch
You know what they say 'bout when your palm itch
I'm gon' get money
Money I'm gon' get
Young Money in your tummy
And we gon' shit
And get that toilet paper quick
Like when Bone spit
That's right bitch
I'm back on my grown shit
That only Marvin Gaye know
No ice, just chrome shit
And you boyfriend softer than a foam pit
I scream fuck the world
With a long dick
Motherfucker I'm me
Yeah
Bitch I'm me
you niggas sweet like the pussy
In which I eat
Fireman burn down your entire street
So fly I'ma take off when I leap
Bye.
And you can suck my wings
Stand on my money
Head butt Yao Ming
Put your hand in the oven
If you touch my things
I'm shufflin' the cards
'Bout to cut my queens
Hehe
But I ain't the dealer
House full of bitches like Tila Tequila
Yeah
I'm the man in the mirror
My swagger just screaming
Motherfucker!
Do you hear her?
Yeah
Drizzy Drake
What the lick read?
We make magic
Boy-Roy & Sick-freed
[Lil' Wayne outro]
Wooh!
Young Moulah baby
Yeah
Drake:
yeh, ah . . . ah
Boi-1da! . Drizzy!
Ahah.Uh
Yall don't really like me
I can understand
My flow is sitting right inside da pocket on my pants
I'm still fly, you can't float
Run this shit, Usain Bolt
I write your favorite records, aah, you sing ghost
20 thousand for a verse, is our routine quote
I'm getting rich, aah , you staying broke
chilling if even if I'm in a goose down coat
I cant see you through the Mosley Tribes
so i don't even flinch when you throw me high fives
they try to measure up, but there's no one my size
Whatever 40 smokin bout to low my eyes
Beast mode on them, I never take a night off
Every single thing a nigga purchase is a write-off
Grounded as the one way pavement am taking flight off
baby go ahead and cut the light off
cuz It's about to go.
BEAT PLAYS
I hear my phone ringing when ya call
I aint picking up or entertaining them at all
Got your girl face down, banging on the wall
While you and all your homeboys hang at Lenox Mall
mmm, mmm, mmm
I cannot relate
Riding with some tags that a got from out-of-state
Riding with a swag that a got from outer space
Just show me who's the hottest imma knock him out his place
call me homicide drizzy, about to kill your ego
I'm about ma green, puffin goody like i'm Cee Lo
You can go and take a glance at your hero
while the Houston ship a pole dancing zero
fantasy to you, reality to me
and yeah ma g-pass is as valid as can be
I'm, I'm so fresh, a stylist would agree
waving at your girl
while she's smiling back at me like.
[Kanye West]
All of the lights
all of the lights
all of the lights
all of the lights
[Drake]
aaaaaalright it's on
I grew up thinking I was wrong
and always said that if they let me in the b-tch
I'd do some damage
I might be out of mind
but if I am it's just in time
because I got the extra nation so you f-cking understand it man
I'm already show you n-gga what I
[Kanye West]
Something wrong
I hold my head
MJ gonethat n-gga dead!
I slapped my girl, she called the feds
I did that time and spent that bread
I'm heading home, I'm almost there
I'm on my way, heading up the stairs
to my surprise, a n-gga replacing me
I had to take em to that ghetto university
[Chorus]
all of the lights
lights, flash lights, spot lights
strobe lights, street lights
all of the lights
all of the lights
flash lights, strobe lights
thug lights, rock lights
stripper lights
(all of the lights)
hey there material girl
The neighbors told me that you're moving out
Leaving to witness the world
But are you sure that's what you're doing now
are you running away for a purpose
Do you even know what your self worth is
the past what you carry in your purses
the gift in the curse when you going head first is
the ATL, MIA, LAX, JFK
luggage all packed and to them I say
farewell to the pure, amen I pray
You wander the world
you seek what you've lost
you're waking up every day
the run away, run away girl
I turn and your gone
you're leaving to chase your fame
the run away, the run away girl
so long
farewell
good bye
good day
be on
your way
run away girl
(x2)
Watching it all through the window
and wishing you could make is shatter now
now that you're here on the other side
are you sure it even matters
are you living the dream
are you telling all your girls that it ain't what it seems
do you strip do you model do you live in between
and look for the split second that you get on the screen like
you wander the world
you seek what you lost
you're waking up every day
to run away, run away girl
I turn and you're gone
you're leaving to chase your fame
you run away, run away girl
so long
farewell
good bye
good day
be on your way
run away girl
(x2)
It may not mean nothing to y'all,
But understand nothing was done for me,
So I don't plan on stopping at all,
I want this shit forever mayne, ever mayne, ever mayne,
I'm shutting shit down at the mall,
And telling every girl she the one for me,
And I ain't even planning to call,
I want this shit forever mayne, ever mayne, ever mayne,
Last name ever,
First name greatest,
Like a sprained ankle boy ain't nothing to play with,
It started off local but thanks to all the haters,
I know G4 pilots on a first name basis,
In your city faded off the brown, Nino,
She insists she got more class, we know!
Swimming in the money come and find me, Nemo,
If I was at the club you know I balled, chemo,
Dropped the mixtape that shit sounded like an album
Who'd have thought a country wide tour would be the outcome
Labels want my name beside the X like Malcolm
Everybody got a deal, I did it without one,
Yeah nigga I'm about my business,
Killing all these rappers you would swear I had a hit list,
Everyone who doubted me is asking for forgiveness,
If you ain't been a part of it at least you got to witness,
Bitches,
It may not mean nothing to y'all,
But understand nothing was done for me,
So I don't plan on stopping at all,
I want this shit forever mayne, ever mayne, ever mayne,
I'm shutting shit down at the mall,
And telling every girl she the one for me,
And I ain't even planning to call,
I want this shit forever mayne, ever mayne, ever mayne,
Forever ever Mr. West is in da building
Ain't no question who about to kill 'em
I used to have hood dreams,
Big fame, big chains,
I stuck my dick inside this life until that bitch came,
I went hard all fall like the ball teams,
Just so I can make it rain all spring,
Y'all seen my story my glory,
I had raped the game young,
You can call it statutory,
When a nigga blow up they can build statures of me
Old money Benjamin Button, what, nothin',
Now superbad chicks giving me McLovin,
You would think I ran the world like Michelle's husband,
You would think these niggas would know me when they really doesn't
Like they was down with the old me no you fucking wasn't,
You're such a fucking loser,
He didn't even go to class Bueller,
Trade the Grammy plaques just to have my granny back,
Remember she had that bad hip like a fanny pack,
Chasing that stardom would turn you into a maniac,
All the way in Hollywood and I can't even act,
They pull their cameras out and God damn they snap,
I used to want this thing forever y'all can have it back,
It may not mean nothing to y'all,
But understand nothing was done for me,
So I don't plan on stopping at all,
I want this shit forever mayne, ever mayne, ever mayne,
I'm shutting shit down at the mall,
And telling every girl she the one for me,
And I ain't even planning to call,
I want this shit forever mayne, ever mayne, ever mayne,
OK, hello it's the martian, Space Jam Jordan's,
I want this shit forever wake up and smell the Garden,
Fresher than the harvest
Step up to the target,
If I had one guess than I guess I'm just New Orleans,
And I will never stop like I'm running from the cops,
Hopped up in my car and told my chauffeur to the top,
Life is such a fucking roller coaster then it drops,
But what should I scream for this is my theme park,
My minds shine even when my thoughts seem dark,
Pistol on my side you don't wanna hear that thing talk,
Let the king talk check the price and pay attention,
Lil Wayne that's what they got to say or mention,
I'm like Nevada in the middle of the summer,
I'm resting in the lead I need a pillow and a cover,
Shh, my foot's sleeping on the gas,
No brake pads no such thing as last,
It may not mean nothing to y'all,
But understand nothing was done for me,
So I don't plan on stopping at all,
I want this shit forever mayne, ever mayne, ever mayne,
I'm shutting shit down at the mall,
And telling every girl she the one for me,
And I ain't even planning to call,
I want this shit forever mayne, ever mayne, ever mayne,
There they go, packing stadiums,
As Shady spits his flow,
Nuts they go, macadamian they go so ballistic wow,
We can make them look like bozos,
He's wondering if he should spit this slow,
Fuck no go for broke,
His cup just runneth over oh no
He ain't had a buzz like this since the last time he overdosed,
They've been waiting patiently for Pinocchio to poke his nose,
Back into the game and they know,
Rap will never be the same as before,
Bashing in the brains of these hoes,
And establishing a name as he goes,
The passion and the flame is ignited,
You can't put it out once we light it,
This shit is exactly what the fuck I'm talking about when we riot,
You dealin' with a few true villains
Whose staying inside of the booth truth spillin',
And spit true feelings,
Til our tooth fillings come flying up out of our mouths, now rewind it
Payback muthafucka for the way you got at me so hows it taste?
When I slap the taste out your mouth
With the bass so loud that it shakes the place,
I'm Hannibal Lecter so just in case you're thinking of saving face,
You ain't gonna have no face to save
By the time I'm through with this place, so Drake.
It may not mean nothing to y'all,
But understand nothing was done for me,
So I don't plan on stopping at all,
I want this shit forever mayne, ever mayne, ever mayne,
I'm shutting shit down at the mall,
And telling every girl she the one for me,
And I ain't even planning to call,
I want this shit forever mayne, ever mayne, ever mayne,
[Drake]
Pay attention, its on
Staring at my city lights through the plain window as I write this song
Have faith, when I do it
Imma do it bigger than they think
I don't just flow I over flow I be filling up the sink
Like I left the water on I run this bitch if anybody ask
Aint much change since high school
N-ggas still be in and out of class
S class or the brand new cl5 on them haters
Black paint, chrome trim same color as the logo for the raiders
I just said that cause I'm not with california near the studio with taz
You should give us credit n-ggas killin people we can be all doin that instead..
But we not, we just kill the summer every single time I come around
Never chase hoes but we do we laugh at them n-ggas tryin to run em down
Not I, not me, YMOB, call jaz, call c,
Bet both of them would agree
Get viewed, get judged, get booed, get loved
Shit get done round here, do you, not us
[Chorus]
I'm gon do what I want
Cause this lifes made for living
You got to know nothings for sure
Faith in the stars
I'm gon do what I want
Cause this lifes what I'm given
Gotta keep my faith in the dark clouds
[K-os]
Once upon a time I met
On this cold explosive dosage she wrote this
But tell me who chose this,
Sin citys innocent really when its inside my mind
And co-sign with a rhyme and a big pen
Once again its an even odd
Cant applaud with one hand
Cant be God with one fan
Or can you stan you
If not pastor jackson daniels rip that hit that
Now I sip that lightly when I'm on my mic tightly
And I write nightly like Spike Lee
Let me break it down
I been having a maid since the 8th grade with a fade
Rapping by the swings
And the bell never really rings
Class in session there's no recession
For this upper echelon mic testing its
K-dash-O-S F-R-E-S-H in the place
With a grace in and outta space
Gotta race
Don't be something that you really not
Sabotage the universal plot
When the planet earth rock gets hot
From the sun don't get got just get God yeah see that
(Do you believe)
[Chorus]
My Mazeradi and Ferrari like to chill with my Mercedes
See my Bentley, what I got when my two Phantoms had a baby
I'm not crazy, why you lazy? I get so politely daisy
Fuck you, pussy nigga, pay me my Lambo do 'bout 280
I sellin', heard you tellin', thought you killin' while you stealin'
Thought you dealin' while you chillin', you ain't ballin' with a million
God made me super rich, the devil made you stupid, bitch
You could be just like me if you quit with all that stupid shit
Why you actin' hard now you must want go see God now?
The same niggas you were beefin' with are up in your yard now
If you bout to run dogg, I guess you better start now
Forgot to bring your gun so you got to use your heart now
It's hard to get rich but it ain't shit to go to hell
It's hard to sell dope but it ain't shit to go to jail
It's hard to keep it real but it ain't shit for you to tell
I smoked so much of this that I can't even hide the smell
So drop
Drop, drop, drop
Now drop
Drop, drop, drop
We marijuana farmers, all our rides look like Transformers
Tell the pretty girls to pull they titties out and dance for us
You don't need a Gym Class, crack like Slim Fast
Take a hit and loss a fuckin' hundred pounds quick fast
Snow cone with a chain on and deep off or chain off
My blunt goin' kick the game off, we never take the game off
Find a hater, sign a hater, let him see my elevator
Hundreds in my refrigerator, now they know we gettin' paper
Find a hater, sign a hater, let him see my elevator
Hundreds in my refrigerator, now they know we gettin' paper
Pullin' coupes and escalators, enemies on respirators
Million dollar generators, 90 fast investigators
For flashy cars, the prison bars, mnage trois
The playin' cards I swear it's hard, now drop
Now drop
Drop, drop, drop
Now drop
Drop, drop, drop
[Drake - Verse 1]
Waited on you for so long
Too many days since January
I'm still sitting here alone
We shoulda did this already
said I gotta email today
kinda thought that you, forgot about me
but I wanna hit you back too say
just like you, I get lonely...
[Chorus]
Baby,
I could really get to know you
take my time and show you
don't tell anybody what we do
when I get lonely
Take Me,
to another place where I'll be
face to face, just you and me
with no rules, just like you
I get lonely too ooh ooh
hoo ooh hoh, hoo ooh hoh
just like you
I get lonely too ooh ooh
hoo ooh hoh
just like you
I get lonely
[Drake - Verse 2]
Waiting for us too get it on
ain't gotta love to call steady
hope it ain't like that for long
I'll be your friend if you let me
don't wanna come off strong
cuz too many people wanna get me
but you know I do what I gotta do
just like you, I get lonely yoo
[Chorus]
Baby,
I could really get to know you
take my time and show you
don't tell anybody what we do
when I get lonely
Take Me,
to another place where I'll be
face to face, just you and me
with no rules, just like you
I get lonely too ooh ooh
hoo ooh hoh, hoo ooh hoh
just like you
I get lonely too ooh ooh
hoo ooh hoh
just like you
I get lonely
[Bridge]
Hoh ooh hoh
Hoh ooh hoh
Hoh ooh hoh
just like you
I get lonely too
Hoh ooh hoh
Hoh ooh hoh
Hoh ooh hoh
[Chorus]
Baby,
I could really get to know you
take my time and show you
don't tell anybody what we do
when I get lonely
Take Me,
to another place where I'll be
face to face, just you and me
with no rules, just like you
I get lonely too ooh ooh
hoo ooh hoh, hoo ooh hoh
just like you
I get lonely too ooh ooh
hoo ooh hoh
just like you
I get lonely
I get lonely
just like you
Yeah, it's Drizzy baby
I'm ready
Alright, J Prince I got em
Look, I'm really the heir
To the fortune of a millionaire
Talking money with me's really unfair
At the border like I swear
I have nothing to declare
I am nothing like these other niggas coming out this year
Even if you never met me
You can tell I'm on that same shit
Loyal as a motherfucker
Nobody be saying shit
Dope boys know me
Cuz I often speak they language
So well spoken
Man I should've went to Cambridge
Y.O.U.N.G hoe
Women they can be so
Motivated by money
That's why they be on me foe
Ask your favorite rapper homie
Guarantee that he know
If he is the one
I'm the zero.
Damn
Please comprehend
I am a surf club general
I'm mister consistent
I have never come in intervals
You don't wanna be caught in the middle
Like a centerfold
I'm committing suicide
If we're ever identical
Click-Clack-Pow
How you like a nigga now
In control of my domain
They can do what I allow
And I know Toronto miss me
Imma be home in a minute
That's my city
And I run it
You just run around in it
They see me out in person
And say I ain't heard you sing yet
The world is my playground
Don't fuck with my swinggg-set!
We get to pitching
And that's when it gets to piling
I'm calling your bluff
Don't act like you can't see me dialing
I'm in
Low-Cut Louies
With them hard denim jeans
And a beige jacket
Hands down the best in my age bracket
Holla at me!
Sometimes I feel like Lohan and Hilary Duff
Are the only ones with enough
To feel what I'm about to say in this song
When they want you to be like somebody else
And you just wanna be yourself
And you do it and get the feeling it's wrong
It is when all the press articles happening
And the cameras get to snappin
And they try to make you out as a lie
Symbolic cos you were just trying to please em'
By using logic and reason
It's a lose lose why even try
When your ideas so frequently get rejected and people just get neglected
And They never really know how to feel
Phone calls is something that you're expecting
For someone without ethics to try and make em a mill
You never noticed the fact you might be working what I'm receivin' at first
And niggas wanna say that you ain't around
I mean there's always some blame to put on yourself (yourselves)
Instead of claimin' that you couldn't help and maybe next time you were (ain't) In town
Chorus:
You gonna try to try harder cos
Try harder cos
Try -Try-Try-Try
And the managers make you circum to pressure
And you spitin' the pressure than most of the rappers running the game
Concerned that people who copy what's in the past
And turn the profit to cash
There's time I would have done it the same
I mean I got me a range
Also got me a guilty conscience
That made you tell anybody I meet that I ran
Sometimes I wish that I woulda' just chilled on the sneakers
And watched the game from the bleachers
Cos I'm really telling me what I spent
In a house that I promised to get my mother
Don't compensate for the other time
I wasted late out at the club
Instead of sitting in once a week for some dinner
I working hard on the winner so this album is a labour of love
You say as long as I'm staying out of the streets
And just spending money on beats that
She can rest without a toss and a turn
Cos she know that my reputation perceives me
And people watch me on TV
That's exactly why I often get burned
But I'm gonna try to..
Yeah, This Dedicated To Canada Man
The Whole Up North
A Lot Of People Don't Realize How Cold It Gets During The Winter
But Listen...
I Met This New Girl Late June Or Early July
I Called Her A Bunch Of Times But She Barely Replied
Now It's December, I'm Driving, And She's Like Where's My Hi?
I Swear, That I Never Called You Cause I Really Get Shy
See That Was A Segue, I Believe The Matter
Is What Happens After The Season Where The Leaves Just Scatter
Where The Timb Laces Get Tighter And Parka Hoods Flip Up
Drugs Dealers Standin And They Parka Hoods Slip Up
Where Girls Become Exes From Summer's Caught Ho'in
The Winter Cars Come Out, The Summer Cars Go In
And Some Places Is Breezy, And Some It Start Snow-Ing
And If You Planning Family Vacations You Better Know When
But Some Mothers Scared To Send They Daughters Out The City
Instead She Get A Sweater That She Bought Her Out Of Pity
Cause Mom Stays Up Late, She Seen Them Videos
Where Cancun College Students Pouring Water On Their Titties!
Yeah Man, It's A Funny Thing Going Through The Winter Up Here Man
A Lot Of Girls Y'know, Wanna Get Close. You Might Think They The One
But Just Wait, Nah Mean, Take It Slow
Forgot To Mention, This Girl That Never Gets To The Beach
She Lives Just West Of My Street, And So We Destined To Meet
Since I'm Driving, I Ask Her How To Get The Suite
She Doesn't Answer, Opens The Door And Just Gets In The Seat
She Throws Her Bag In The Back, And Starts Adjusting The Heat
She's Bold But I Roll With It, I'm Impressed Cause She's Sweet
Then She Says "I Heard Your Song And I'm Obsessed With The Beat,
I Mean, The Lyrics Are Cool, But I'm Obsessed With The Beat
I Love It When Voyce Sings And The Chorus Is Good,
There's A Couple Things In The Song That I Suggest You Repeat"
Off This I'm Kinda Takin *aback* For A Second,
I Get Her Number She Tells Me To Call Her After This Session
And So I Do, And It's Kind Of Awkward, The Surface Hard To Scratch
Until We End Up Sexin And Now My Heart Attached
I'm Thinkin Off I Should've Been More Southern
And Realizing All That She Wanted Was That Indoor Lovin And Ho!
Yeah, Uh, I Told Ya'll I Had A Story For You Right
Uh, Ya Man, It's What It Is
And Now, I'm Proud To Have Her Like Montreal To The Frizzench
She Love To Play Hurt Like Carter Did On The Bizzench
But, My Boy Say I'm Actin Different, Because I Lay Downtown
And I Still I Rush To Pick Her Up From Work And Fizzench
She Tellin Everyone Imma Hold Here Down
Tell Everyone I'm The Prince Up In This Cold Clear Town
And Stupid Me I Just Listen To Her,
Instead Of Wondering If This Is Really Gon' Last Me The Whole Year Round
But Then Spring Shows Up, And It's Dallas In This Bitch
The Weather Starts To Resemble The Holidays She Missed
When We Were Together It Seeming Like Way Back When
Ball Players Hop On The Plane And Make It Way Back In
See She Used To Play Piana, And Now She Never Wait For Santa
Instead Of Saving For Marriage, She Saving For Carrabanna
And It's A Shame, She Had Me Convinced That She Could've Been A Dime
I Guess, I Lost Another One To The Wintertime
I Miss You, Most Of Aaaallll, Myy Daarling
(Gimme A Second To Gather My Thoughts)
Strolling In The Park And Watching Winter Turn To Spring (Such A Beautiful Day Man)
(Yeah Man, You Know We Had To Switch It On 'em Right?)
Strolling In The Park, And Watching Winter Turn To Spring
(I'm Still Standing On Two Feet, Even After This Tragic Loss)
(Man, But I Got Something To Else To Tell Ya Baby)
I Remember Them Encore Pms, Breakfast And The Wake Up
Now Drake's Committed We Waiting On The Breakup
So We Can Get Back To Them Cognac Nights
With Dress Codes And Light Skinned Girls That Won't Act Right
And I Laugh Cause My Previous Lifestyle Was Quite Wild
The Winter Came And Blew His Cold Air Through
Back Then Light Sweaters And A Couple Drinks Might Get Her,
By The End Of The Week I Would Know *Their* Crew
And We'd Assembled A Trio, A Whole New Scene
With Three Ladies In The Shot We Never Broke Routine
At The End Of *that* *we'd* Cut When The Cameras Are Rollin
We Had Ladie's Hearts Always Gettin Damaged And Stolen
But This Summer Is Different It's A Two Man Operation
Granted The Fact That We One Man Short
Got Love For Him He Can Watch This New Man Stop A Nation
Cause Handin' Them Crack Is A One Man Sport
Instead Of Dress-Up, I Walk In Sweat Pants And *Charms* Clinkin'
I Find A Girl We Step Dance And Calm Drinkin'
The Face, The Breast, The Bras, The Toes
I'm Still Solo And A Long Night Draws To A Close
Cause It's A Fact, If She Come To The Crib And I Get Some Ass Inside
We'll Never Talk Again, Scary And True
That Song Special I Recorded With Voyce Well It's Like A Classified
It's What I'm Lookin For To Carry Me Through
Yet I Can't Seem To Find A *every* Girl That Possesses It
Only Wants A Friendship Causing Me To Forget The Shit
And When They Talk About They Past And Lovers
And You Get Mad At The Though Of *her* Giving Ass To Others
Yet You Find Peace With Yourself, Now Least There's Some Room To Ride
There's Also Room For Improvement As Soon As June Arrive
Strolling In The Park, And Watching Winter Turn To Spring
Strolling In The Park, And Watching Winter Turn To Spring
Strolling In The Park, And Watching Winter Turn To Spring
R.I.P. to the girl you used to see./
Her days are over. Baby she's over./
I've decided to give you all of me./
Baby come closer, baby come closer./
I'm ready for ya!/
Kill 'em all, switch it up./
Put it on, zip it up./
Let my perfume, soak in in your sweater./
You say you'll be here soon, sooner the better./
No option for her, you sayin' no./
I run this game, just play your role./
Follow my lead, whatchu waitin' fo'?/
Thought it over and decided tonight is the night./
(Background voice)
Yeah I hear you talkin', don't know who you tryin' to flatter./
Got my mind made up. I-I-I'm ready for ya./
I'm in control, but with you bein' a man,/
You don't seem to understand that I-I-I'm ready for ya./
I-I-I'm ready for ya./
I-I-I'm ready for ya./
So keep thinkin' you the man,/
'Cause it's all part of my plan./
I-I-I'm ready for ya./
Nothin' on, I strut around./
I do it big, I shut it down./
I wonder if you'll be able to handle me./
Mental picture, no cameras please./
(Background voice)
ca-ha-han you fee-hee-heel my ha-ha-ha-ha-heart is beatin'
[Drake - Verse]
uh, red lipstick on the wine glass cameras in my mind,
flash, black lines aray white diamonds, what a contrast,
i know you get impatient as the time pass, you say you want it fast,
define fast, cause i can speed it up, and make it last
and i could audition for this, and i could be part of the cast
and i could produce for your future, i could co-direct your past,
and make damn sure you never forget it, commited, im ready, im with it
still here like a statue, pink champagne, green ink in your tattoos,
you say you got bagges, well im packed too, plus i got a sex pistol,
pointed right at you "BAM!", the baddest women ever in the heart of south,
proven over and over again thats why im hard to doubt, plus im
young money 'till the death, i took the carter route
im more than ready too, hope of something that you thought about
[Chorus]
[End]
[Swizz Beats]
Go
go 'head
go go go 'head
go go go go go go 'head
go go go go go go 'head
oh you fancy huh
oh you fancy huh
oh you fancy huh
oh you fancy huh
Nail done, hair done, every thing done
nails done, hair done, everything d...
oh you fancy huh
oh you fancy huh
you you fancy huh
oh you fancy huh
Nail done, hair done, every thing done
nails done, hair done, everything d...
oh you fancy huh
[Drake]
You getting ready so I know we gon be here awhile
in the bathroom flat irons and nail files
spending hours in salons on your hairstyles
in the mall steady racking up the air miles
hit the gym step on the scales stare at the number
you say you dropping 10 pounds preparing for summer
and you don't do it for the man, men never notice
you just do it for yourself you're the f-cking coldest
intelligent too ooh you're my sweetheart
I've always liked my women book and street smart
long as they got a little class like half days
and the confidence to overlook my past ways
time heals all, and heels hurt to walk in
but they go with the clutch that you carry your lip gloss in
and look I really think that nobody does it better
I love the way you put it together
[Chorus]
oh you fancy huh
oh you fancy huh
oh you fancy huh
oh you fancy huh
Nail done, hair done, every thing done
nails done, hair done, everything d...
oh you fancy huh
oh you fancy huh
you you fancy huh
oh you fancy huh
[T.I.]
Well aren't you a breath of fresh air
from all these superficial gold digging bitches in here
they get a baller think that they aint got to pick a career
guess they plan on sucking somes d-cks until some millions appear
Voila! you do it right he might just buy you a car
unless you play these suckers just like B.o.B play the guitar
now here you are with your girls having drinks at the bar
I say I'm buying you declining I think thats kinda bizarre
independant with the demeanor of an RnB singer
make it rain finger (check)
M3 beamer (check)
Champagne range
triple white Caddy
closet full of brand new clothes and hand bags
Alexander McQueen, Prada, Gucci, Chanel
D&G;, BCBG, Versace, Louie and Bebe
Ya don't need it greedy or easy as these other breezy's
who f-ck for balls or reason (?)
[Chorus]
[Drake - Speaker phone]
Atlanta girls, let me see your hands
wave em at the b-tches hating on you with their friends
girl you got it
let em know everything big
nails done hairs done, everything big
and my NY girls let me see your hands
wave em at the b-tches hating on you with their friends
girl you got it
let em know everything big
nails done hairs done, everything big
And my LA girls
Atlanta girls, let me see your hands
wave em at the b-tches hating on you with their friends
girl you got it
let em know everything big
nails done hairs done, everything big
And my TO girls
Atlanta girls, let me see your hands
wave em at the b-tches hating on you with their friends
girl you got it
let em know everything big
nails done hairs done, everything big
[Swizz Beats]
Say go Cinderella
go Cinderella
orgasm blush
lipstick 'n conceiler
devil in a tight dress
girl you a killer and aint nobody realer
and aint nobody realer, go, go, go, go, go
go, go, go, go, go, go
showtime
go, go, go, go, go, go
As we proceed.
[Drake]
Uh, 5 and a half and boys(?)
ass is off the hook
cinderella bout to lose the glass off her foot
and when I find it is when I find you
and we can do hte things we never got the time to
better late than never
but never late is better
they tell me time is money, well we'll spend it together
I'm down for whatever
you just lead the way
we go to dinner you don't even look at me to pay
mature women with more than me were the first to tempt me
and Jason had this girl Tammy with a purple Bentley
how she got it I aint never get to ask
I just knew that she was fine like a ticket on the dash
yeah, but shout out to the homeowners
the girls that got diplomas
and enough money to loan us a little something extra
should we ever need it
if it sounds like you then let me hear you repeat it
[Chorus]
Check, look
And I ain't tryna get to know nobody but you
Do me a favor tell me what's happenin'
I am drinkin' XO D is sippin' some Appleton
Usually the things I desire I always apprehend
Back again return of the mack again
'Deceiving' was cool I'll never record the track again
Even though my ex is fuckin' one of my rapper friends
I don't wanna seem like I am always attacking them verbally
You can stop frontin' I know you heard of me
Babygirl ya, ya, ya heard of me
Little me
Pay attention I guarantee you it'll be
One of the best, decisions you've made
I'm sonnin' them all I live in the shade
Previously mischievous behaviour was the leader of me
You could say I was fresh to some conceited degree
Steppin' out the house tryna figure out where cameras from Cheaters would be
But now I need a culprit
I am talkin Long Sands Beach, condo adult shit
I am talkin' all day shoppin' sprees in the mall with
Friends that I ball with
Hear me, Trey's girl? Go and get you some Fall shit
Sweetie I am a track's demise
I will kill this song 'til it actually dies
With a military jacket and some packed supplies
I won't say I'm the best 'til the stats arrive
And all these a-list parties you fraternize
Where you can't wear hats inside it's only slacks and ties
But you don't never act surprised
You just hold it down for your boy 'til the plaques arrive
And girl, I used to blow a couple thousand at the shake joint
Now it cost a couple thousand for a Drake joint
I gave up a lot to make a progress
I give it to you, and you take it the best
When I give ya what I give ya
(You gon' like that)
When I give ya what I give ya
(You throw it right back)
It ain't a women in the world that can doubt that (Oh)
I need a women not a girl 'cause I'm bout that (Oh no no)
And when I give ya what I give ya
(You gon' like that)
When I give ya what I give ya
(You throw it right back)
It ain't a women in the world that can doubt that (Oh)
I need a women not a girl 'cause I'm bout that (Oh no no)
And when I give ya what I give ya
(It's The Prince, look here)
Yup it's me again, Songz with a 'z' again
Canadian visitor, lady exhibitor
Play me I'll visit ya
Lay you in critical, condition
So don't get it twisted nigga
But back to the pimpin' nigga
Intercontinental you can catch me laid up
Somethin' with a fly face, slim waist, big butt
That's why I love what I does
Shot a couple videos now we got the city froze
Somethin' like my wrist be
Niggas know how this shit be
Step into the club security never frisk me
Buy so much liquor they give us a couple sips free
I be on Henessy
Straight with no cubes
Take me where the women be
I won't lose
Drake take Patrn to the face 'til he wasted
I'm blowin 'til I'm gon' outta space in the Matrix
Call me Mr. Anderson huh
I'm ramblin'
But at the same time I'm spittin' a flame rhyme
Baby what's your name? They call me the game mind
Most valuable player baby listen it's game time
We could take a couple shots break down ya d's
Take it to the hole post up on me
Let me fill the arena
I'll be Gilbert Arenas
Somethin' like a wizard when I give ya what I give ya
When I give ya what I give ya
(You gon' like that)
When I give ya what I give ya
(You throw it right back)
It ain't a women in the world that can doubt that (Oh)
I need a women not a girl 'cause I'm bout that (Oh no no)
And when I give ya what I give ya
(You gon' like that)
When I give ya what I give ya
(You throw it right back)
It ain't a women in the world that can doubt that (Oh)
I need a women not a girl 'cause I'm bout that (Oh no no)
And when I give ya what I give ya
And imma leave on one more note
One more motherfuckin note
Its like this.. Look at him
(Drake):
I aint been here in a minute
Cut the lights off I feel fantastic right now baby
Yeah Look..
I said I used to cut the porch lights on and now I cut the porches lights on just to let them know their foresights wrong
where this rapper going with that obscure ice on he a lame Im just tryna get my mature life on
O D.
O. D. Everybody know me, even fans that resemble them kids in the O.C.
Oh me Oh my them girls love me like Seth Cohen,
So get a grip get a glass pour the X. O. in
I did want one these niggas to say that Im not the same
pick a road cause where you drivin is not a lane
and rest in peace to Pimp C life is not a game,
taking over the world no pinky just a lotta Brain
He bout to send them the shit that Im on (Yeah)
You prolly could have predicted Im on (Yeah)
My sense of judgment is a officially gone
Up into the air all the smoke from the swisha is blown
Ahh.. Im grown Im grown Im living in this elevator zone alone
Im up so high Im never coming down and you say you got them hoes but they never coming round
I got pent house walls I stay high above your ass
and I can see it all, my balcony is glass
and wifeys over (Bitches)
but moneys over (Her)
cause moneys under (Nothin)
my life is such a (Blur)
thats not the way it has to go its jus what I prefer
and do not disagree with me its best you jus concur
Im a legend wit a legacy that cant help but survive
even when I fuckin die they gonna bury me Alive..
(Chorus):
And Im so prestigious
I brought my niggas from the hood to the beaches
Im living good gripping wood with all the features
Jesus my money straight no creases
P P P Peep this
We got bottles over here
Kush is in the air.. we good ( O. D. O.D.)
Bithces over there.. we good (O. D. O. D.)
Money on the floor we good
O.D. O.D everybody know me
(Travis McCoy):
Oh no Travie high on life again.(Wow)
Feel like I swallowed a whole bottle of Vicodin(Dam)
So high I wanna cry like tiny violins
In my best mode the pesmote enjoy the silence(Shh)
Stop the violence, how when every blind is like the motherfuckin Watts riots pouring out my pen
iight dam be easy imma get back
gentleman with a superlative use of syntax
and I done gave up the narcotics but I cant leave the crib without some xanax in my water(Nope)
Hello my name is Travie and Im a life-aholic
Toldem all these beats is like the Wallis to my Gromit..(Ha)
The alpha to my Bruce wearing stripes on my candy cane
Worn without the other so for real without the candy brain
super trooper like a gun tote in candyman
ask me how Im livin bet I tell ya fine and dandy man
check his vital signs they peeping off the meter man
Im a live forever in Neverland wit Peter Pan
Fuck pulling the nine out
Im a pull a Amy Winehouse
sipping Purple Rain with Mary Jane girls in my house(My House)
Isaiah Im a see ya when I get there
until then hold me down like gravity its Travie..UnoEasy
(Chorus):
And Im so prestigious
I brought my niggas from the hood to the beaches
Im living good gripping wood with all the features
Jesus my money straight no creases
P P Peep this
We got bottles over here
Kush is in the air we good (O. D. O.D.)
Bithces over there... we good (O. D. O. D.)
Money on the floor we good
Its Mickey
O.D. O.D everybody know me
(Mickey Factz):
Ha Im bout to overdose on life somebody please pass the weed
So if I comatose tonight you wont have to ask for refer
if the things that I seen through my Prada frames got me paid
watch me mane Im cocky slave with this Rocky chain
I got I got my fames cluttered with this bud
and this name of it is Fame and its all up in my blood
tyna suppress the too fresh feeling I got.. Oooo yes
Im in it for the huge yes duplex living like Im Hugh Heff
Every other night I need a blue net for group sex
leaving with a bruise neck then I yell whose next(Next)
standem in a line this is new fax city take this crack between ya thighs(Yeah)
(Mickey what you mean) Im promethazine fuck the queen
sniff the white horse of success and then let him lean(Letem see)
tryna match my high on life(Then letem dream)
gotta catch the spot on my flight
first class known of the aroma of the smoker life
got me like a stoner, a zoner but nah its never over(Mickey what you mean)
I stick my tongue out sippin Remy conceited of Im teasing every bum out
hung out wit celebrities from every drug house
so when you remember me say that I was strung out(Mickey what you mean)
Im a addict for the green cash Im a O.D. so flip going to rehab
Chorus):
And Im so prestigious
I brought my niggas from the hood to the beaches
Im living good gripping wood with all the features
Jesus my money straight no creases
P P Peep this
We got bottles over here
Kush is in the air.. we good (O. D. O.D.)
Bithces over there.. we good (O. D. O. D.)
Money on the floor we good
O.D. O.D everybody know me
(Saukrates intro)
They say we killin' 'em all, all, all, all
(Drake verse 1)
Hip hop's newest and youngest acquisition,
If this was you, I wonder what you'd do in that position.
Try to make a profit or try to make a difference,
Try to make 'em play your shit or try to make 'em listen.
I go from records with Dwele and L.B. and Elzhi,
The meetings where they tell me to start making records and that They'll buy,
Now I'm out in A-Town,
They tellin' me Trey sound,
It's too mainstream if I plan on me stickin' around.
But the allure of this year's Scream Tour has been cuttin' all them Jawns that be hurtin' the game.
I be dreamin' 'bout hoes and doin' them live shows,
Shirtless, that's why I started to personal train.
Dog, personally mane,
I'm a person that came to bring purpose to a seem unless they Purpose is game.
It never feel like it's earned when you purchase the fame,
Now my thoughts gettin' deeper and I'm searchin' the game,
I keep on, on, on, on, on
(Drake [Saukrates] chorus)
[Yeah] I'm killin' 'em all, all, all, all
[Yeah] I'm killin' 'em all, all
I'm killin' 'em all, all
(Saukrates verse 2)
Yeah.
Let me show you how to blast up,
Now tell me who is a masta.
A mind never wasted,
Who grows fasta?
The young and incredible while lightin' yo' ass up,
You look a lil' red, we gettin' that cash up.
See where we from,
The 50's are bloody and the 100 dollar bill is dirty brown they love Me.
I mess up my livin' room, and studio with my money,
A G-note is purple, grape juice stains on the front piece of,
My lapel, is custom made,
You off the rack shit,
I'm off the chain, come on.
The dogs are loose,
And yeah we get our dumb on like San Frisco Bay,
With 40 and Mac Dre.
Eat it or forever lose a piece of your meal to me or one of my folk,
Drake'll give you the deal.
If bein' broke at 30 is a nigga that kills,
I guess we somethin' like two ice bergs huntin' to kill.
Keep on, keep on (Uh), keep on (Uh), keep on (Uh)
(Drake [Saukrates] chorus)
[Yeah] I'm killin' 'em all, all, all, all
[Yeah] I 'm killin' 'em all, all
I'm killin' 'em all, all
(Drake verse 3)
Look, uh
I used to get 'em like murda murda,
Ol' time killin'.
I wasn't even rappin', spent my whole time chillin',
And now the girls like,
It's only Drake got chased and so the artists I respected try and Take my place,
But pimpin' ain't easy man and neither is rappin',
They one in the same when you need it to happen.
My city full of players they just needed a captain,
In need of him right now in need of him back then.
But back then I was actin',
Nowadays I serve backhands with backspin.
Tryin' to prove rappers are intelligent black men,
Whoever chose to back out is back in,
They say there's two sides to every story and three when the truth Get told,
So grab a spoon 'fore your soup get cold.
When you drive it off the lot is when your coupe get old.
So please discover an answer 'fore proof gets sold.
And keep on, on, on, on, on
(Drake [Saukrates] chorus)
[Yeah] I'm killin' 'em all, all, all, all
I'm killin' 'em all, all
[Verse 1]
I'm performin' tonight you know that shit gon' be packed
Pay me in advance and make sure that it's exact
My ex girl I'll probably show up for the simple fact
That tomorrow she can tell all of her friends it was whack
But fuck that though, this about me
They say my whole fan base is missing I.D.
But the young trend setting musician I be
Got critics giving up the recognition I de-serve
Never bring yo' misses By me I'm it I'm it call me Mr. I.T.
If I get one wish Imma wish to die free
They say gon' head, ball like Mrs. Ivory, And I do
The realest in my age group, no shit
Soho, Cosmo, Bah Mar blow fish?
Let's make a toast, tell yo' friends come closer
Drinks on me like a coaster
[Chorus]
We doin' it big
Look at what I done
Look at where I'm is
It's only just begun
'Cause I was staying home
When they was having fun
So please don't be surprised when they announce that I won
And this is how my speech goes
I deserve this shit, I deserve this shit, I deserve this shit
That's all I got to say, at the top is where I stay
And tell my haters never go away
The Winner
[Verse 2]
Long awaited, hated
Fans see me out and they holla happy belated
It's about time that you made it
I was bumping yo' songs when nobody else played it
When I was up in Hot Beat in Atlanta steady giving daps
Fetching niggas drinks but I never got to rap
If anybody asked though I prolly woulda snapped
But I can't sign nothing 'til my lawyer get the fax and
No one decides who the definition of talent is
And Mrs. Murry look at what my talent did
And what yo' business is
It's been a couple years
Guess it's not about who you know, it's just how you balance it
Its always awkward to dummy a nigga artist
And get on someone song when you know you comin' the hardest
It's how you start actin' when nobody can reach ya
My plan just hatched, happy Easter
[Chorus]
I'm doin' it big
Look at what I done
Look at where I'm is
It's only just begun
'Cause I was staying home
When they was having fun
So please don't be surprised when they announce that I won
And this is how my speech goes
I deserve this shit, I deserve this shit, I deserve this shit
That's all I got to say
At the top is where I stay
And tell my haters never go away
The Winner
[Verse 3]
Uhh, ok I do it for the love
Bunk bed flow, always one level above
If I'm in ya starting five you will never need a sub
And I'm neva looking down so I always know wassup.
A lot of people sayin' fuck me
Problem is they be telling everybody but me
But I always got a Starbucks verse
Being brewed too hot please please double cup me
They never gave me support like Chuck Tis
And I never trust a nigga sayin' trust me
Nick Cannon and Will never did it this ill
So you tell don't you dare interrupt me
Thanks to my mother for never giving up
You deserve the world, now gon' live it up
Thanks to uncle Steve my hero who always saved us
I could never give back everything you gave us
[Bridge]
And to my dad even though we was apart
I couldn't leave you out, you forever in my heart
Yeah, and in the name of Evelyn Cher
I'll forever forgive anybody that never was there
For me, no other woman could ever compare
My angel I hope Heavens prepared for whenever you there
[Verse 4]
Uhh, I got a revolutionary flow in every scenario coming through ya Stereo
Got a new chick, booty round like the merry go
Bitches like where he at, they be like there he go
And this verse deserve a burial
Don't cry for me this ain't mothafucking Mario
Yeah, and Polow isn't at my session
It's the anticipation keeping everybody guessing like
[Chorus]
Look at what I done
Look at where I'm is
It's only just begun
'Cause I was staying home
When they was having fun
So please don't be surprised when they announce that I won
And this is how my speech goes
I deserve this shit, I deserve this shit, I deserve this shit
That's all I got to say
At the top is where I stay
And tell my haters never go away
The Winner
Can I, can I save you from you
'Cause you know there's something missing
And that champagne you've been sippin's
Not supposed to make you different all the time
It's starting to feel like the wrong thing to do girl
'Cause with all that recognition it gets hard for you to listen
To the things that I must say to make you mine
But live girl, have some fun girl, we'll be fine
Trying to convince myself I've found one
Making the mistake I never learned from
I swear I always fall for your type, yeah (for your type)
Tell me why I always fall for your type (for your type)
I just can't explain this shit at all (fall for your type)
I just can't explain this shit at all (fall for your type)
(I believe in people like you)
So who am I to judge you on the past, girl
I bet there's a reason for it all
You say that you're nothing like the last girl
I just pray that you don't let me down right now
It's too late, I'm already yours
You just gotta promise me, hearts won't break
And end up like before
I swear I always fall for your type, yeah (for your type)
Tell me why I always fall for your type (for your type)
Look, dress hanging off your shoulder, barely sober
Telling me how you moving away and starting over
Girl, quit playing you just drunk, you just saying shit
Oh you dance, dance like how, like ballet and shit
Oh, wait, no, I get it girl, I'm with it
I've been down this road before and yeah I skidded but forget it
Damn, yeah, I wonder why I never learned my lesson
It's feeling like the second chance and it's the first impression
And I heard it's nothing new except for someone new
But how you supposed to find the one when anyone will come with you
Talking to myself but I never listen,
'Cause man it's been a while, and I swear that this ones different
That's why I'mma take you anywhere you wanna go
Let you meet my friends so they can lecture me again about
How reckless I have been
And I'm slowly running out of all the time that I invest in
Making all the same mistakes
And I'm just trying to correct it and I fall...
I swear I always fall for your type, for your type
Tell me why I always fall for your type, for your type
I just can't explain this shit at all (fall for your type)
I just can't explain this shit at all (fall for your type)
(I believe in people like you)
Im tryin do it all tonight,
I got plans,
I got a certain lust for life,
And as it stands,
Everything is going as right,
As it can,
They tryin to shoot down my flight,
Before it lands,
Before it lands,
But you could miss me with all that,
Diss me then crawl back,
I really wish ya'll will fall back,
But gettin rich suppose to slove that,
And these days women make offers and who the hell am I to say,
No no no,
My ex send late night text cause she dont know how to let,
Go go go
She in love,
And as for them pretty light skinned models standin in the cold oh yea they with us,
Let them girls in for a drink,
And Im all in they ear,
Saying she should be the one I see,
Everytime that Im here but when am I really even here?
Black surburban wit the tent on it,
Fresher than a pillow with a mint on it,
The game got these old hand prints on it,
But ima be the one to pour cement on it,
And start over,
And show up in an Mars yellow tux,
I dont really give a fuck,
And we only getting older,
So what i tend to do is to think of today as the past,
Its funny when u coming in first but you hope that you last,
You just hope that it last,
that it last,
that it last,
that it last,
that it last,
......
......
......
......
Throw your ones up in the air,
Throw your ones up in the air for her,
Throw your ones up in the air
Throw your ones up
[Verse 1: Drake]
My name is Drizzy
And I ain't perfect
But I work hard
So I deserve it
And I belong
Right where you see me
Ain't on the fence about it
I ain't Mr. Feeny
I got a decent set of manners
And a job that fills up any empty schedule or planner
And I fall in love with girls
Caught up in superficial glammer
Who dress like Sarah Jessica
And live like Princess Diana
So often they have addiction
And I'm the one that will feed it
But truly you're bad enough
That you don't even really need it
You could show up to the party
On dirty public transit
And I guarantee the camera man will still be snapping candids
Of you and your possie partying
Drinking what you get handed
With your virgin island tans
All looking like you just landed
I don't really understand it
I'm not sure I'm comprehending
But these girls are having fun with whose ever money they spending screaming
[Chorus (2x)]
I've got to be unstoppable [2x]
Ay ay ay ay you don't like [2x]
[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
My name is Weezy
I'm almost perfect
And I work harder than hard working
Bizarre circus
That's what my bars surface
Therefore I act a clown
Even when I'm laying on my back I'm never backing down
So over stand me
I got a condo in Miami
And my doormat is always sandy
And I run Louisiana
But I've never pulled a hammy
And I got a condo in Atlanta
And I always wear a bandana
And when it come down to stuntin'
You boys are just frontin'
And I'm swingin' for the fence
Your girl hangin' from my dick
Your girl singing to my shit like
A lo lo lollipop
She say I get that pussy wetter than a Dasani shop
And she say I pick that pussy better than her gynecologist
Hold this
Text me whenever you want some more dick
More dick
Old bitch
Young bitch
But I be like damn
All I got is one dick
[Chorus (2x)]
I've got to be unstoppable [2x]
Ay ay ay ay you don't like [2x]
Boy Wonder
And C-O-S-S-O-M
[CHORUS] - Kevin Cossom
I get money, I get paper
I get girls, all different flavors
I buy Gucci, I buy Prada
I spend dollar after dollar [x2]
[VERSE] - Drake
Y'all don't really like me
I can understand
My flow is sittin' right inside the pocket of my pants
I'm still fly, you can't float
Run this sh*t, Usain Bolt
I write your favorite records
All of you seein' ghosts
Twenty-thousand for a verse is our routine quote
I'm gettin' rich, all of you stayin' broke
Chillin' even if I'm in a goose-down coat
I can't see you through the Mosley Tribes
So I don't even flinch when you throw me high fives
They try to measure up
But there is no one my size
Whatever Forty smokin' 'bout to lower my eyes
Beast mode on 'em
I never take a night off
Every single thing a n***a purchase is a write-off,
Grounded as the runway pavement
I'm takin' flight off,
Baby go ahead and cut the light off
('Cause he's about to go in)
[CHORUS] - Kevin Cossom
[VERSE] - Kevin Cossom
And I'm the rookie of the year
I'm 'bout to get my dough on
I'm about to take off
Baby you should hold on
But I ain't about to prolong
I'ma keep it short
And tell you what's about to go on
Bottle after bottle
'Cause the money's, like, so long
Biggest movie ever
We about to put a show on
I'ma show off, like I'm supposed to
You can get lost, I don't know you
[VERSE] - Drake
I hear my phone ringin' when you call
I ain't pickin' up or entertainin' them at all
Got your girl face down, bangin' on the wall
While you and all your homeboys hang at Lenox Mall
Hmm, hmm, hmm, I cannot relate
Ridin' with some tags that I got from out of state
Ridin' with a swag that I got from outer space
Just show me who's the hottest
I'ma knock him out his place
Call me "Homicide Drizzy"
I'm 'bout to kill your ego
I'm about my green, puffin' goody like I'm Cee-Lo
You can go and take a glance at your hero
While a Houston stripper pole-dances in the zero
Fantasy to you, reality to me
And, yeah, my G-Pass is as valid as can be
I'm so fresh, the stylist would agree
Wavin' at your girl while she's smilin' back at me
[CHORUS] - Kevin Cossom
[FADE] - Kevin Cossom
Louie, too
Yeah, and Alexander McQueen
I'm so clean, so mean
It's K.C. and Drizzy
And it's the remix, remix
C-O-S-S-O-M
[End]
Ooh na na, what's my name
Ooh na na, what's my name
Ooh na na, what's my name
Ooh na na, what's my name
Ooh na na, what's my name
What's my name, what's my name
I heard you good with them soft lips
Yeah you know word of mouth
The square root of sixty nine is eight something, right?
'Cause I've been tryna work it out, ow
Good weed, white wine, uh
I come alive in the night time
Okay, away we go
Only thing we have on is the radio-oh
Let it play, say you gotta leave
But I know you wanna stay
You are waiting on the traffic jam to finish girl
The things we could do in twenty minutes girl
Say my name, say my name
Wear it out, its getting hot, crack a window, air it out
I can get you through a mighty long day
Soon as I go the text you goin' right is goin' say
Ooh na na, what's my name
Ooh na na, what's my name
Ooh na na, what's my name
Whats my name, whats my name
Nor everybody,
Knows how to work my body
Knows how to make me want it
But boy you stay up on it
You got that something
That keeps me so off balance
Baby you're a challenge
Lets explore your talent
Hey boy I wanna see
If you can go downtown with a girl like me
Hey boy, I wanna be with you
'Cause you just my type
Ooh na na na na
I need a boy to take it over
Looking for a guy to put your work up
Ooh, ooh
Hey boy I really wanna see
If you can go downtown with a girl like me
Hey boy, I really wanna be with you
'Cause you just my type
Ooh na na na na
I need a boy to take it over
Looking for a guy to put in work-a
Ooh, ooh
Ooh na na, what's my name
Ooh na na, what's my name
Ooh na na, what's my name
Whats my name, whats my name
Baby you got me,
And ain't nowhere that I'd be
Then with your arms around me
Back and forth you rock me yeah
So I surrender, to every word you whisper
Every door you enter, I will let you in
Hey boy I really wanna see
If you can go downtown with a girl like me
Hey boy, I really wanna be with you
'Cause you just my type
Ooh na na na na
I need a boy to take it over
Looking for a guy to put in work-a
Ooh, ooh
You're so amazing,
You took the time to figure me out
That's why you take me,
Way past the point of turning me on
You bout to break me,
I swear you got me losing my mind
Ooh na na, what's my name
Ooh na na, what's my name
Ooh na na, what's my name
Ooh na na, what's my name
Ooh na na, what's my name
Whats my name, whats my name
Hey boy I really wanna see if you can go
Downtown with a girl like me
Hey boy, I really wanna be with you
'Cause you just my type
Ooh na na na na
I need a boy to take it over
Looking for a guy to put in work-a
Ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh
Hey boy I really wanna see if you can go
Downtown with a girl like me
Hey boy, I really wanna be with you
'Cause you just my type
Ooh na na na na
I need a boy to take it over
Looking for a guy to put in work-a
Ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh
[drake]
yeah..
feel good
its a celebration, clap clap bravo
lobster and shrimp and glass of miscotto for the girl who's in school
and her friend who's a model
finished the whole bottle and we gon do it big like this.. yeah
and you was just practice
he aint in ya world you can take him off ya atlas
girl ya on fire can i be the one you match wit
ill get you a credit card and baby you can max this out
show me where ya tats is
show me where ya heads at maybe i could grasp it
they say if you get it you can understand her better
and she known to be a cheater but thats only if you let her
and i got it together so when they talk and try to determ me its like whateva
tell em i appreciate the help but i just gotta know for myself
[Chorus]
Would you love me if I couldn't sing a song,
If I couldn't take you home would you love me
If I couldn't buy you a thing shoes and diamond rings
Would you love me if I spent my life, with the same old 9 to 5,
Would you love me if I could give it all to you (you)
Would you love me if I didn't say baby your looking fly today
Would you love me if we can't break away, take you on a holiday, yeah
Would you love me if I say a thing I don't mean would you leave or stay
Girl would you love me, I say maybe if it goes wrong would you just leave me
Now would you love me, I say maybe If it goes wrong would you stay or would you go?
Would you love me
[drake]
this lifestyle is foul this shit it'll damage ya
especially when you think no ones understandin ya
these girl groups with they over protective managers
got paparazzi over my shoulder clickin they cameras
snap snap snap til they runnin out of card space
you remind me of tonys sister in scar face
just take it easy on love and slow ya heart rate
goodness gracious the top is just such a hard place
yeah, but if you never even been there
it kinda make sence why you dyin to pretend there
spillin all ya drinks and takin pictures in ya swim wear
head up in the clouds you survivin on the thin air
i know that shit is exhausting girl
you now mistakes are costing girl
and maybe you dont need to help
but i just wanna see for myself
Verse 1: *Drake*
Ive always wondered why you bothered putting make up on
you dont need it
Even tho I always tell you that your beautiful
I repeat cuz I dont want no singer and I dont want no model I dont want no fashion designer or nothing
I jus want your love
Telling you thats more than enuff 4 me
(Chorus)
All you gotta do is
Come real
Shawty whats da deal dont think jus cuz your simple that you lose your appeal
I wouldnt have it any other way
All you gotta do is
Come real
Shawty whats da deal dont think jus cuz your simple that you lose your appeal
I wouldnt have it any other way hey ay ay ayy
Verse 2: *Kyoko*
Baby jus becuz I wanna look good dont think I aint real
Not in the least bit
All the clothes and the doing of my hair face nails makes me feel good
Nd ill keep it up on da 10
What you been sayin to me aint exactly what I need to feel and kno
Yur da one im wearin for and where I will always go when I need a reason to
(Chorus)
Stay real
What you make me feel
Its tru beauty is the ultimate appeal
and I dont want it any other way hey ay ay ayy
To stay real
What you make me feel
Its tru beauty is the ultimate appeal
And I dnt wnt it any other way hey ay ayy
Waiting on you for so long, too many days since January
I'm still sitting here alone, we should have did this already
Said I got an e-mail today, kinda thought that you forgot about me
But I wanna hit you back to say
Just like you, I get lonely too
Baby, I could really get to know you
Take my time to show you
Don't tell anybody what we do
When I get lonely
Take me to another place where I'll be face to face, just you and me
With no rules. Just like you.
I get lonely toooooooo
Oooooh Oh
Oooooh Oh
Just like you, I get lonely tooooooo
Oooooh Oh
Oooooh Oh
Just like you, I get lonely.
Ready for us to get it on
Ain't got a love to call steady
Hope it ain't like that for long
I'll be your friend, if you let me
Don't wanna come on strong, cause too many people wanna get me
But you know I gotta do, what I gotta do
Just like you, I get lonely
Baby, could really get to know you
Take my time to show you
Don't tell anybody what we do
When I get lonely
Take me to another place where I'll be face to face, just you and me
With no rules. Just like you.
I get lonely toooooooo
Oooooh Oh
Oooooh Oh
Just like you, I get loonely tooooooo
Oooooh Oh
Oooooh Oh
Just like you, I get lonely.
Ooooooh Ohh (x5)
I get lonely too
Ooooooh Ohh (x3)
Baby,I could really get to know you
Take my time to show you
Don't tell anybody what we do
When I get lonely
Take me to another place where I'll be face to face, just you and me
With no rules. Just like you.
I get lonely toooooooo
Oooooh Oh
Oooooh Oh
Just like you, I get lonely tooooooo
Oooooh Oh
Oooooh Oh
Just like you, I get lonely.
I get lonely, really lonely
Just like you
Drake:
Black hearts on my cardigan
at the crib tellin' your girl
that we should order in
and tell G to put
his feet up on the ottoman
we just up against
a bunch of rappers
I go harder then damn
I'm so catch-trina smarter than
a lot of these niggas
swear the coach has brought the starter in ya
and I'm the type to tell
ya daughter things
I float high
don't try and cut my water wings
I'm still myself
suicide bars I kill myself
charge it to the game
I'll bill myself
and I dont feel ya'll
but I feel myself
Aunty Doe tell em'
I deserve a mazeltoff
I'm rapping like
a sheppard with
the muzzle off
I'm next to blow
"pause"
and I cant hear
the critics talking over
the applause ya
I try to tell em'
future let em' know
send the haters all my love
X and O
I got black box
where suggestions go
but I dont really
give a fuck
it's prolly best you know
my reality is brighter
than dreams are
I got ya dream girl
ridin' in ya dream car
ya and the visual is stunning
I hope they document
what I'm becoming
congratulations.
So what you want an award or somethin'
I'm at the private airport
board or something
I see nothing from afar
but I'm far from nothin'
put on your poker face
I'll pull ya card
if ya bluffin'
but I ain't with the hard talk
I gotta monopoly
catch me on my boardwalk
like I said we'll pull ya card
and find out your a hallmark
just know I'm breaking world records
no false start
I dont see ya point
unless it's gun point or somethin'
my deal like Weezy first week
one point somethin'
and my verse is gettin stupider
Wayne if your on Mars
can you pick me up from Jupiter
phone blowing up
so I'm cutting off my cellular
I'm a superstar
know that on to my nebula
I will break a leg
break a arm and a fibula
when I break it down
when I when I break it down
I hug and kiss the drum kick
I put the beat in my back pocket
and just sit
but
you can never be my ass
pause
again damage ya'll
again ya'll pretend
and we are some men
that get it on and in
I die before I lose
cause I was born to win
if he don't fuck with ya'll
then don't bother him
and yes I fuck this game
but I won't father them
right
uh
it's like, these days
man I'm booked and I'm busy
Dad named me Drake
Foots named me Drizzy
they try and tell me
I'll never be nothin' but a protege
but if you watched the VMA's
there's nothin' more to say
I got the key to happiness
and all the copies
remember this day
like you bought a poppy
and damn how I get so nice
I done spent it all once
bout to get rich twice
surprise party bitch
now it's on and poppin'
I always choose dough
like it's my only option
cause money always knows best
chain snatch flow
they say get it off yo chest
and I'm what all the fuss about
and if they talkin'
I bet what they discussion bout
hit me at the office
same extension
consider me the reason
ya'll should pay attention
Wayne:
It's crack
ay yo Drizzy
you should of said that on the hook
you should of been like
"congratulations it's crack"
ya
it's crack haha
congratulations
ladies and gentlemen!
Strolling down the highway
I'm gonna get there my way
Dusk till dawn I'm walkin'
Can hear my guitar rocking?
While I stroll on down
On down the highway
People think, I'm a crazing
The Lord above ain't lazing
The sunshine's all day long
[Incomprehensible] far too strong
While I stroll on down
On down the highway
While I stroll on down
On down the highway
The cars won't stop for no one
They don't think that you're just rolling down
They think you're an OAS spy
Gonna shoot them as they go by
No cars, they won't stop
Won't stop for no one
Strolling down the highway
And I'm gonna get there my way
Dusk till dawn I'm walkin'
Can hear my guitar rocking?
While I stroll on down
On down the highway
Richer than the richest
Yeah
Mo' money bitches
Comin' to you live
From the city of hustatlantavegas
So what it do young nigga
One hundred
I am on a twenty four hour
Champagne diet
Spillin' while I'm sippin'
I encourage you to try it
I'm probably just sayin' that cause I don't have to buy it
The club owner supply it
Boy I'm on that fly shit
I am, what everybody in my past don't want me to be
Guess what, I made it
I'm da motherfuckin' man
I jus' want you to see
Come take a look, get a load of dis nigga
Quit frontin' on me
Don't come around and try to gas me up I like runnin' on E
I I I I'm on my Disney shit
Goofy flow on records I'm Captain Hook
And my new car is Rufio
Damn where my roof just go
I'm somebody that you should know
Get to shakin' somethin' cause that's what drumma produced it for
Yes I make mistakes that I don't ever make excuses for, like
Leavin' girls that love me and constantly seducing hoes
I'm losing my thoughts I said damn where my roof just go
Top slipped off like Janet at the Super Bowl, I got 'em
They can't help it,
And I can't blame 'em
Since I got famous
But bitch I got money to blow
I'm gettin' it in, letting these bills fall
All over your skin
I got money to blow oh oh ooh oh oh ooh
Oh oh oh ooh I got oh oh
I got money to blow
Oh oh ooh oh oh ooh oh oh oh ooh ooh
I got money to blow
Richer than the richest
We certified gettin' it C-M Y-M Cash Money business
Higher than the ceiling fly like a bird, hit the Gucci store
And later get served
We smoked out with no roof on it
Them people passi' so we smash on 'em
Binnin' out we keep the cash on deck
Lamborghini's and the Bentleys on the V-set
Louis lens iced up with the black diamonds
Car of the year Ferrari the new Spider
No lie I'm higher than I ever been
Born rich born uptown born to win
Fully loaded automatic six Benz
Candy paint foreign lights with my bitch in
Born hustlin' too big nigga to size me up
Kept stuntin' mo more money binnin' up
They can't help it,
And I can't blame 'em
Since I got famous
But bitch I got money to blow
I'm gettin' it in, letting these bills fall
All over your skin
I got money to blow oh oh ooh oh oh ooh (yeah)
Oh oh oh ooh I got oh oh
I got money to blow
Oh oh ooh oh oh ooh oh oh oh ooh ooh
Well I get paid every 24 hours money and the power
Come to V-I-P and get a Champagne Shower
I don't have to worry because everything ours,
And I got a big bouquet of Mary Janes Flower
That kush I promise that's my dude
But we don't smoke that Reggie Bush
And I'm with two women make you take a second look
We poppin' like champagne bottles but we never shook
And we goin be alright if we put drake on every hook
They can't help it,
And I can't blame 'em
Since I got famous
But bitch I got money to blow
I'm gettin' it in, letting these bills fall
All over your skin
I got money to blow oh oh ooh oh oh ooh
Oh oh oh ooh I got oh oh
I got money to blow
Oh oh ooh oh oh ooh oh oh oh ooh ooh
Got money to blow
C-M-B baby
Yeah, just like that big money poppin'
[Drake]
I forgot about you last night
for the first time in a long time I did
I was caught up in these drinks they keep on making
an amazin conversation with this girl named Lorraine
who says shes from L.A.
who keeps makin me laugh and even asks if she can pay
ooohhhh
She could be good for me (yeaaah)
This what you text me
Tell me that you miss me
I forget about Lorraine
and in fact shes right here with me
and shes starin at my face
something had to change
thought that all these feelings went away (yeahh)
I hate gettin messages from you (from you)
Its like you know the perfect shit to say
f-cks up my whole day
thought that all these feelings went away
I hate gettin messages from you (from you)
especially when you say you shouldve stayed
f-cks up my whole day
I thought that all these feelings went away
I hate the shit you do
I hate the shit you do
I hate the shit you do
I hate the shit you do
I hate the shit you do
I hate the shit you do
but I still text you back
I miss you too
What if I kissed you right now
how would we explain it
trying to imagine how it might sound
if I just yelled out
What if I kissed you right now
would it bring us any closer
take the weight off our shoulders
take me I'm yours
and I don't really care who knows it
can we afford to be that open with all these emotions
if we were a secret how long could you keep it
keep it to yourself don't tell nobody else
nothin but mine,
talkin bout mine,
now ur all mine
and you... you.. you...
and u just be mine (just be mine)
and u just be mine.. all mine
and u just be mine (just, just be mine)
and u just be mine.. all mine
What if I kissed you right now...
would it bring us any closer
take a weight off of our shoulders
tell on me
I dont mind cause if they ask me about it I won't lie...
...admit that I'm yours
I don't really care who knows it
can we afford to be that open with all these emotions
if we were a secret
tell me could u keep it?
keep it your yourself dont tell nobody else
nuttin but mine,
talkin but mine,
now ur all mine
and u... u.. u...
and u just be mine (just be mine)
and u just be mine.. all mine
and u just be mine (just, just be mine)
and u just be mine.. all mine
What if I kissed you right now
What if I kissed you right now
just be mine (just be mine)
and u just be mine.. all mine
and u just be mine (just, just be mine)
and u just be mine.. all mine
Now it's a celebration
Oh girl let's celebrate
Yeah it's a celebration
Oh girl let's celebrate
Baby tonight I'm yours
Come on and unwrap your gift
No you can't find it in stores
It's some tailor made for you kind of shit
It's like oooooooh
You don't wanna miss this
Feels like it's Christmas
It's like oooooooh
Yeah it's a holiday but I'm open for business
Got a bottle of that Rose
Baby we gon' celebrate
Make it feel like it's your birthday
Baby girl let's celebrate
Private after-party
I can't wait to celebrate
All up on your body
Baby you're my sensei
It's like the 4th of July
Right between your thighs
It's like fireworks
Just light up the sky
Don't need no reservation
You're my invitation
To this love making
This a celebration
Baby let's close the door
I'm 'bout to teach you this sex education
Since you passed every course
Hats off to your graduation
It's like oooooooh
You don't wanna miss this
Feels like it's Christmas
It's like oooooooh
Yeah it's a holiday but I'm open for business
Got a bottle of that Rose
Baby we gon' celebrate
Make it feel like it's your birthday
Baby girl let's celebrate
Private after-party
I can't wait to celebrate
All up on your body
Baby you're my sensei
It's like the 4th of July
Right between your thighs
It's like fireworks
Just light up the sky
Don't need no reservation
You're my invitation
To this love making
This a celebration
How'd I do? How'd I do?
Baby tell me how you feel
They say real girls ain't never perfect
Perfect girls ain't real
I'd agree but I guess we'll just wait and see
Cause I swear you act like perfect is the only way to be
N-N-Nothing matters except for you
Don't let no one out here blind you
Don't remember why you love me
Please allow me to remind you
And I know you left me once
But I came right back to find you
Even though I like being in your past
You got a bright future behind you
Oh, damn, oh
Girl I must admit I look amazing next to you
Girl you crazy, sexy, cool
And you stayed obsessed with school
But that's good
Cause you know that them grades impress me too
And my free days are just for you
But I don't get many
It's like every time we spend time
It feels like the first time
Cause we never spend enough time
You catch me at the worst time
It ain't like you're not worth the time
Just I don't control it
But tonight I made it happen, just to celebrate the moment
Give it up one time
Ohhhhhhh
I just wanna celebrate the night with you
I bought some party favors, I'm a light it up if that's alright with you
How you feeling now?
Tryna lay it down
We could count it down
5 4 3 2 1
It's like oooooooh
You don't wanna miss this
Feels like it's Christmas
It's like oooooooh
Yeah it's a holiday but I'm open for business
Got a bottle of that Rose
Baby we gon' celebrate
Make it feel like it's your birthday
Baby girl let's celebrate
Private after-party
I can't wait to celebrate
All up on your body
Baby you're my sensei
It's like the 4th of July
Right between your thighs
It's like fireworks
Just light up the sky
Don't need no reservation
You're my invitation
To this love making
This a celebration
Give it up one time
One time
Ce-Ce-Celebrate the moment
Give it up one time
[Verse 1: Drake]
Damn!
I done walked in here
Lookin' like the mothafuckin' man of the year
Think I had the mothafuckin' plan of the year
Which was simply to make groupie fans of my peers
And I get my girl whatever she desire
And my niggas get whatever they require
These rappers old, I'm the reason they expire
Plus I got a city that I Carey like Mariah
Damn!
That punch line was predictable
I still got you shittin' bricks, homie, quit the bull
And we don't need new members
To me the clique is full
And I be gettin' the same women that tip the pool
Believe or not
I receive a lot
So, I be wearing the same Gucci that Jeezy got
And I be buyin' the Louis that Kanyeezy cop
And I be rippin' the same reords that Weezy rock
This shit is easy Pop
That's why I'm ready, man
I'd never copy Norbit like Eddie, man
Did you get it? Eddie Murphy was in Norbit
Or was it way over your head?
Did you forfeit?
Yeah, I take a woman shopping in a store quick
Her ass big, she just tryin' to make a four fit
Yeah, they need to issue out a recall
I'm goin' up and they headin' into a freefall
The fundamentals are needed, you playin' streetball
And I was out at BET, but I didn't see y'all
These skee-low rappers wishing they could be tall
Lettin' all their fake friends use them like a free stall
Yep!
[Chorus: Lil' Wayne]
Damn!
I done walked in here
Lookin' like the mothafuckin' man of the year
My shades so dark
And my ice so bright
My buddies and my fans wanna fight your right
Like, round one, round two, round three
I told you not to ever bring a bitch 'round me
'Cause, ain't no nigga like a Young Money nigga
No, ain't no nigga like me
Ya dig?
[Verse 2: Drake]
I said I know you see me chillin'
Super low key
If I'm with the right niggas, you can scoop a O.Z.
All the hustlers and the bouncers
And the groupies know me
Fresh denim, fresh shades
In a group with no kids
It start up when I touch the door
And I encourage ladies to touch the floor
As soon as we finish cuttin', we can cut some more
Then after you get high, make 'em, get 'em, girl you finna get low
Lights dimmed down
Got alota dough
Plus a hit sound
What you mean you ain't heard?
I come highly recommended
Everybody my friend, even if they been offended
They ain't really got a choice, it's an obvious decision
You tryna make a come up in my city, it's a given
Plus a nigga famous
Plus I got a vision
Not to mention havin' bars like a mothafuckin' prison
They takin' too long
Their records on hold
They threatened by my presence
'Cause I make 'em feel old
Guaranteed if they drop, they braggin' 'bout what they sold
Just remember where I lived at, 50 thousands goin' gold
Holla at me when you see me, make yourself known
'Stead of hatin' on my music in the comfort of your home
Nigga, be a man
You actin' like a bitch
I ain't actin' like I'm rude
I'm just actin' like I'm rich, rich
Yeah, uh!
Ridin' with Weezy Fuckin' Baby
Are you the type of girl that me and Weezy fuckin', baby?
'Cause I don't waste time, can't you see a nigga lazy?
And I might need some help
But, you know, Weezy's fuckin' crazy
[Chorus: Lil' Wayne]
Damn!
I done walked in here
Lookin' like the mothafuckin' man of the year
My shades so dark
And my ice so bright
My buddies and my fans wanna fight your right
Like, round one, round two, round three
I told you not to ever bring a bitch 'round me
'Cause, ain't no nigga like a young money nigga
No, ain't no nigga like me
Ya dig?
[Spoken: Lil' Wayne]
Y.M., bitch!
Everybody!
Two time on Sunday!
Spit 'em!
Check ya blinkers, baby!
Check ya blinkers, baby!
'Cause, to me, look like you've been turning right all day! Yeah!
Right my way! Ha ha!
I got a boulevard, baby!
That's right!
Cash Avenue!
Wall Street gangsta!
Carter, y'all! Heh heh!
Why would I lie?
Yeah!
I ain't rich, bitch, I'm wealthy!
Young! I talk shit 'til I die!
Come kill me, nigga!
Fuck you!
No homo!
She like it! Heh ha ha!
Yeah!
Boy, these mothafuckin' glasses I got on right now, are so mothafuckin' cold!
[Chorus: Lil' Wayne]
I'm feelin' like...
Damn!
I done walked in here
Straight up lookin' like the mothafuckin' man of the year
My shades so dark
And my ice so bright
My buddies and my fans wanna fight your right
Like, round one, round two, round three
I told you not to ever bring a bitch 'round me
'Cause, ain't no nigga
Ain't no nigga
Ain't no nigga like a young money nigga
Damn!
I done walked in here
Lookin' like the mothafuckin' man of the year
My shades so dark
And my ice so bright
My buddies and my fans wanna fight your right...
I don't think they really ready for my wardrobe
I show up right before the store close
and blow the fee from my last four shows
I do one song and use four flows
She used to be a Christian before
And now all she wanna do is shop for Christian Dior Clothes
Like "Baby those are cute, I adore those."
Me and the salesman build a rapport so
He understands the fact that I'm spending offshore dough
Cash only transactions homie,
And please no receipts, the feds like to explore those
They can't audit if they don't know I bought it
Been doing it for years homie, thoroughly I've thought it
through, what it do?
I am currently recorded on a track admitting of my currency's imported
We're too late now, it's too legitimate to hit 'em with
a lawsuit even if those are acts that I did commit
Repeat offender
Anita Baker playin' in the whip as they pull me over
My sweet surrender
I got a jewish lawyer as my lead defender
A mieskeit, as they say, is a legal bender
And ATF is present, every regal member
The coalition, who so efficient
You have to be invited or there's no admission
We know tradition
We spend money so don't try to make compete if you are in no position
I wish you would listen
I take you back to this trial
Where I am about to be home again like New Edition
My foot is just solely meant for the shoe it fits in
Used to record in a basement that Renny grew his piff in
When pops turned over keys like a new ignition
If Hov is Jordan, I guess I'm cool with Pippen
'til I mention it, I wanna play a new position
No team playin', no screen settin'
Because I wanna win games coach, I'm through assistin'
The take over, the break's over, nigga
And I'm a keep killin' em until the day that Drake's over
The wait's over, the tape's coming
They bullshittin' but I am equipped with great plumbing
The human mentality's so eager to hate something
I try to play it off like it ain't chumpin'
And it's the predicament that you found Drake in
They condo that I just purchased is sound vacant
'cause I have just been sittin' in this cell
Thinking what I coulda done to make my first video ground breaking
And whenever I'm flowing on the mic,
Aside from talking 'bout the D I'm throwin' in your wife
I treat this one session as if it were my last
And I pretend tomorrow is the day I'm going in for life
Like that
[Dirty Money]
So hard to breathe this air that we call love,
Aint nothing worse than the hurt we receive from love,
When you get hurt by the one you living for,
Pain can make you wanna love no more,
[Chorus]
Loving you no more,
I just I cant I just cant be loving you no more,
I love you more than I love myself,
(x2)
Hurt with the heart thats bleeding slowly,
So many lonely sleepless nights,
Im going through hell to convince you love me,
But never her approval no matter how I try,
The way you talk to me but still I say I love you,
Im ashamed you can see it in my eyes,
Momma always told me to respect the woman,
But what am I to do when her parents do not try,
So many tears I cried,
But all for nothing Im afraid to say,
Oooooohhh
[Chorus]
Ive been so dependent on your love for so long,
Punishment for me is trying to let go,
Give it from your heart is what you taught me,
Addiction to pain is what it got me,
My life, now its changed,
My life aint the same as you are,
Heartbroken, to the point sometimes wanna end it,
If I cant have what mean most to me,
So many tears I cried,
But all for nothing Im afraid to say,
[Chorus]
[Drake]
Uh, trying not to over think
Only cause Ive drove and I done had a lot to drink
When I wanted it blue you said we got to paint it pink
And theres pieces of ya hair still sittin in my sink
And you still got underwear thats sittin in the dryer
How come every time that youre suspicious Im a liar?
You stand out, I can hear you whistle in a choir
And thats the only reason you the Mrs. I admire
Damn. Tell me what Im gone do
Since everything Im trying to forget is all true
Me and all your main girls get along too
I would take my last dollar out and bet it on you
But ahhhhh, you see the same one Im missing
Is basically the reason I became something different
And just that I remember me before
And if you could do the same baby then well be for sure
[Chorus]
Loving you no more,
I just I cant I just cant be loving you no more,
I love you more than I love myself,
(x2)
[End]
[Chorus: Nickelus F]
We looking for some j...
We looking for some j,..
You better tuck your women cause
We looking for some j,..
We looking for some j,..
If you love em then cuff em
Cause we looking for some j,..
And when we come around
You know it's going down,
When that tour bus pull up get all the ladies in your town,
[Verse 1: Nickelus F]
Drake the pretty one,
Nick the gritty one,
But we the n-ggas that's surrounded when the bidies come,
Pop bottles is our style, you n-ggas sipping rum,
Got models with smart mouths we call them pretty dumb,
Take your baby home, she strip to reggaeton,
Make me spend all my money,
Now I need a payday loan,
Was born in 82, but ride on 84's,
Cause I'm making loot, you n-ggas making bones,
The sky is the limit, I'm high and I'm in it,
School my,..
Ask the chickens I be mixing,
This guy like a chemist,
Tell haters go bankrupt and get out of my business,
Yeah I shut down shops,..
Haters get off my balls, ladies get on my jock,
Know I shut down the street when I pull out the lot,
Know if I go in my pocket I pull out a lot,
[Chorus]
[Verse 2: Drake]
Look I don't ever drink no... unless it's cold,
And if it's an exclusive I got it for the soul,
If you ain't got the money I put your purchase on hold,
Got verses for these records and that paper for the phone,
Hand me mph, I ask no project... my people,
How come all the whips you n-ggas buying get the repo,
Catch me in something new that I'm rolling with Nicko,
Either at the crib or in the club or at the depo,
Hear me though,
I got the sport range you just get short changed,
Ya'll n-ggas witness sh-t that happen and you report things,
I do resort things, ST Lucia four springs,
And I'm important so I import things,
I fly in planes with 6 windows and short wings,
My team's exactly what loyalty and support brings,
Figure that you new that, you must be high,
We throw parties where you reside at homie,
Where the f-ck are you at,
[Chorus]
Chorus:
i gotta make it out, or move quickly, cant allow the past to restrict me,
but this time around they wont skip me, I AM THE LAST HOPE, dont hesitate
not even for a second, the hustlers become an obsession,
im on the front line, so my weapon, I AM THE LAST HOPE.
Kardinall:
can you imagine the last breath of Christ,
the last breath of Christopher Wallace on that faithful night
the last step that martin lurther took as a man
i got the power of my world in my hand
The Microphone brings life or death in the blink of an eye
i was born to provoke those born to die .
i was conceived to beat all odds like las vegas .
T-dot mutherfucker watch the world rape us .
great test strugglers hustler to us succeed .
cross water smugglers tussel to burn weed .
It meets that pressure to success in the south.
niggas watchin what i say magnifin my mouth .
i never take back talk i apply the force .
hand blistering for many years of holding the torch .
when the skin rebuilds it grows tougher then leather ,
so we can keep on hold it forever .
my names kardinall
Chorus:
i gotta make it out, or move quickly, cant allow the past to restrict me,
but this time around they wont skip me, I AM THE LAST HOPE, don't hesitate
not even for a second, the hustlers become an obsession,
im on the front line, so my weapon, I AM THE LAST HOPE.
Drake:
Jealousy is suttin i haven't felt in years . there's nobody around for me to be jealous off . i bet you do is showing my city and no one cheers even if you make the music that ladies and fellas love and dove . im incredible often unforgettable but when it comes to records i will eat it if its editable . they say the futures always for-seen thats why im steady getting more money more cream . my flow is stuck in the moment that comes before a dream i stay avoiding unlucky like 14 . and people get behind and they fight for em cause he wont let no other niggas wright for em . and even when its quite warm the attitude coursing through the veins and my city is an ice storm . the name's drake and i don't take it for granted i can take it you offended cause im taken advantage mang .
This here is on some truthful shit
It seems like everything I do, your used to it
And I hate hearing stories bout who you've been with
That's when I gotta hide, what I'm feeling inside
So you still think I'm confident and damn
Is this gonna last? Your up on a pedastool
Are we moving too fast?
Feel like I'm in crazy competition with the past
That's why I gotta ask, is anything I'm doing brand new?
Brand new, brand new, brand new, brand new
Is anything I'm doing brand new?
Brand new, brand new, brand new, brand new, brand new
This here is something personal
Highly doubt this feeling is reversible
Knowledge is pain and that is why it hurts to know
That you attempt to hide, and put mistakes aside
So I don?t ever question you and damn
I can't even find, the perfect brush
So I can paint what's going through my mind
Racing against myself, but I'm a couple steps behind
That's why I gotta ask, is anything I'm doing brand new?
Brand new, brand new, brand new, brand new
Is anything I'm doing brand new?
Brand new, brand new, brand new, brand new
Brand new girl
Is anything I'm doing brand new
Is everything I'm doing too late
Did he take off your clothes off just like this
Did he give you loving just like this
Did you spend the night in his bed on the very first date
Tell me baby am I too late?
[Chorus]
Emotions in this game run deep
So before these haters kill me in my sleep
I'd like to say it's been a pleasure
Reppin' 'til my last second through
Done a lot of shit they'll never get to do
I'd like to say it's been a pleasure
Honored to be somebody they mention
But before these niggas stop payin' attention
I'll just say it's been a pleasure
You'll never be somebody they need
Tomorrow ain't guaranteed
So tonight we gon' do it like this
Oh, for the H-Town
Tonight I'm gon' make some money go
For the H-Town
Ladies and gentlemen,
You're now listenin' to the Dirty South trillionaire ('naire)
Keepin' it trill in there, been here and he's still in there (there)
Pay attention, it's the beginnin' of a new era (era)
Get a little closer you can see the view clearer (view clearer)
It's like Lasik but are basic
Ebonics if you're hooked on chronic and you can taste it
Trace it, recognize the real when ya face it
Ball up in the club gettin white boy wasted
One shot of Patron, then another one to chase it
Put me to the test, I won't pass it I'll ace it
Been so many places, up and down the interstate
Cities that I've never been, wonderin' if they fin' to hate
Step up in the spot, let 'em look me in the grill (grill)
So they can see it for they self that I keep it trill (I keep it trill)
I paid the cost to be the boss and left a tip
So it's all good (good) don't even trip
Believe me it's been a pleasure
[Chorus]
Man I've been all over the world
Tryin' to tell 'em 'bout the trill and what we been through (through)
What we already done and what we fin' do (do)
What we got into, what we gettin' into (to)
When ties 'bout to cut it closer than a Ginsu ('su)
Roll through Atlanta, Birmingham, Alabama ('bama)
Jacksonville to Jackson, Mississippi spittin' grammar (spittin' grammar)
From Shreveport ('port) down to New Orleans ('leans)
And all points in between just to get the cream (cream)
Me and my "II Trill" team on the road flippin' (flippin')
Eight hours straight, no stops, no trippin' (trippin')
Had to keep them heaters on 'em so it's no slippin' (slippin')
Promote a play with show money, we were slow grippin' (slow grippin')
Sometimes we rock the stage and put it down (down)
Other times we had to fight and shoot it out of town (town)
But we always made it home okay
And we still on the road to this day
I gotta say it's been a pleasure
[Chorus]
They say that you never really know
What you got 'til it's gone and can't touch it (touch it)
If it look too good to be true, you can't trust it (trust it)
If you never had it (had it) then you can never miss it (miss it)
But looks can be deceivin', so don't you get it twisted (twisted)
Walked a lot of miles in these old school J's (J's)
Thought of many ways, lookin' at back in the days (days)
Like how to climb from in between a rock, and a hard place
How to keep your cool when you're dealin' with a hard case (with a hard case)
And how to duck, when the judge throw the book at you (the book at you)
And it's a two-sided mirror that you're lookin' through (you're lookin' through)
The phone receiver's in your hand starin at your child (child)
And your heart skips a beat every time they smile (smile)
See that's how real life is and how it can be (can be)
And how it's deeper then just comin' down candy (candy)
So I'm just tryin' to play the cards that they hand me
For those that overstood me, understand me
It's been a pleasure
[Chorus]
I'd like to say it's been a pleasure
I'll just say it's been a pleasure
Hey there, pretty girl, you know exactly what you got, and I don't blame you at all..
You can't resist it..
Especially when the lights so bright, and the money so right, and its comin in every single night
She don't wanna leave, she just stuck in..
Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlanta..she just stuck in
Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas
And she dance..to this song..and she dance to this song..and it go:
"Hey now now watch her go down"
She doesn't ever worry, if she wants it she'll get it on her own
She knows there's more to life, and she's scared of ending up alone
Throw your ones up in the air, throw your ones up in the air for her
Throw your ones up in the air, 'cause the ones you throw will get her out of:
Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlanta..she just stuck in
Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas
And she dance..to this song..and she dance to this song..and it go:
"Hey now now watch her go down"
We all got dreams and we all start reaching, all start peaking, all-star weekend..
One hotel room and all ya'll sleeping, housekeeping knock to see if all ya'll decent
Young girls envy the life ya'll leading, never satisfied with a nice calm evening
You be at the games looking right all season, but you always with me on the night ya'll leaving
Low, low, I always request you
You go get ****** up and we just show up at your rescue
Carry you inside get you some water and undress you
I give you my all, and the next morning you'll forget:
Who, or Why, or How, or When
Tonight is probably'about to happen all over again
'cause she live in a mindset that I could never move to
Until you find yourself, its impossible to lose you
Uh..because I never had you...
Although I would be glad to..
I probably go and tattoo..your name on my heart,
I swear
I start,
To think,
That I'm going crazy
Throw your ones up in the air, throw your ones up in the air for her
Throw your ones up in the air, 'cause the ones you throw will get her out of:
Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlanta..she just stuck in
Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas
And she dance..to this song..and she dance to this song..and it go:
"Hey now now watch her go down"
Hello mothafucka, hey hi how ya durrn'?
It's Weezy F Baby come to take a shit and urine
On the toilet bowl bitches, pussy ass niggas
Stomping on this beat like a motherfucking sigma
Bad to the bristle, hat to the rizzle
I'm so official all I need is a whistle
Bitch named Crystal, let her suck my pistol
She opened up her mouth and then I blew her brains out
You ain't met a nigga like me, you probably never will
Riders rolling with me, like 11 wheels
Find out where you living, kill you in the kitchen
The feds trying to clip us but we ain't even tripping
I'm goin' in, I'm goin' in
I'm goin' in, I'm goin' in
And I'mma go hard, and I'mma go hard
And I'mma go hard, and I'mma go hard
Bitch I'm goin' in, I'm goin' in
I'm goin' in, I'm goin' in
And I'mma go hard, and I'mma go hard
And I'mma go hard, and I'mma go hard
First off
You know what it is if you heard Drake
Making hoes wobble like a bridge in a earthquake
Never see me out
'Cause I live in my workplace
I'll give you the business
So button up your shirt straight
Look at where I landed
You would think I planned it
I'm just doing me and you could never understand it
Chicks get hammered
Big dick bandit
Money flowing like a slit wrist no bandage
Blowing purple clouds nigga I'm so sky high
I ain't cutting anybody slices outta my pie
Outta this world though, I'm so Sci-fi
And I don't sit still I keep it moving like a drive-by
I just tell the truth so I'm cool in every hood spot
21 years and I ain't ever met a good cop
Me and Wayne lean like Kareem doing hook shots
Cover me I'm goin' in and bucking when the hook drop
I'm goin' in, I'm goin' in
I'm goin' in, I'm goin' in
And I'mma go hard, and I'mma go hard
And I'mma go hard, and I'mma go hard
Bitch I'm goin' in, I'm goin' in
I'm goin' in, I'm goin' in
And I'mma go hard, and I'mma go hard
And I'mma go hard, and I'mma go hard
Hold up, wait one motherfucking minute
It's the El Capitan
I got motherfucking lieutenants
If I said "I'm goin' in" then I motherfucking meant it
And if I brought it in the club
Then I'mma motherfucking spend it
Cost a few hundred bands
And I'm motherfucking in it
No need for a room
Yea you know I'm fucking in it
She acting like she not, but she know she fucking winning
She said, "I seen it all"
I said, "no you fucking didn't"
You ever bust 10 nuts in a 2-seater?
She said "I can't feel my legs"
I'm like "bitch, me neither"
I'm goin' in
Where should I begin?
I don't even know, maybe where my blunt end
And I'mma be a legend even when my life end
And I'mma be a legend even when this life end
Yea I do my thang, hop up out it like BEM!
Bitch, I said I'm him, so I'm nothing like them
I'm goin' in!
I'm goin' in, I'm goin' in
I'm goin' in, I'm goin' in
And I'mma go hard, and I'mma go hard
And I'mma go hard, and I'mma go hard
Bitch I'm goin' in, I'm goin' in
I'm goin' in, I'm goin' in
And I'mma go hard, and I'mma go hard
And I'mma go hard, and I'mma go hard
[Verse 1]
Uhh
When did you get like this
Least you could have done was go and give me a warning
I don't regret like this
So I'll be right there when you wake up in the morining saying "This just ain't my style you can't say your happy either you don't even smile... For me"
[Chorus]
Did you agree
We should let it be
And did you agree
It's a must
Lets call the whole thing off
We just have had enough of us
Lets call the whole thing off
We just have had enough of us
[Verse 2]
When you decided to knock on my door
Did you remember what happened before
The look on your face said you were expecting more
But some things look better inside of the store
[Chorus]
Did you agree
We should let it be
And did you agree
It's a must
Lets call the whole thing off
We just have had enough for us
Lets call the whole thing off
We just have had enough for us
[Verse 3]
Look leave me, leave me I can't fucking stand you
Wish I had the courage to say everything I planned to
My girlfriend, my girlfriend call herself my girlfriend tell me that we pose to be together till' the world end
But I don't really feel that
I just really want to turn the wheels back
Give you all your sweaters and your heels back
Gives you the time to heal that
Uhh
You look for reasons for us to argue I swear everytime I call you
You just tell me how I don't call you
Why you do that
Do that,
Do that
Yeah
[Chorus]
Did you agree
We should let it be
And did you agree
It's a must
Lets call the whole thing off
We just have had enough for us
Lets call the whole thing off
We just have had enough for us
yeah
ninth wonder
they tend to say that us rappers
are materialistic
they say we lak substince
me tay and L
bout to prove them wrong dou
(chorus)
we know what you thinkin love
you think we out smokin
nd drinkin love
pushing beard whips
chains clinkin love
well you dont really kno me
lik you think you kno me
and we kno how you speculate
thinkin we gone hit your friend
if you object a date
claim we early but be showin up extra late love
but you dont really kno me like you think you kno me
(DRAKE)
they dont be sayin that im humble
and im hella nice
but ive been approached ta sellma rockafella twice
niggas tell you all the rumors dey heard
and we laugh
soon as you come and tell me
lik im ellen brice
ma groove theorie
is that when yu to cheery
they try to bring you down
to the level they at
well when they are all unhappy
and it gets a little sticky
thats why i am little nikki
to these devils in rap
but uh
they aint thinkin drake is smart girl
they probley think i brake ya
heart gurl
i cant lie
you probley right about it
and if you give me dat a** quick
i probley write about it
but i hate it when they judge me on how i sound
i mean i spit that influencial sh**
from my town
i don't know why you sittin on the couch
when you see i got a bed
bring your a** here and lie dwn
you kan take your purse off
and later on we takin shirts off
and then your skirt off
at least i got status because i could have been a local MC and you probley would be worst off
so ima take dis hat off
and ima hit it till im back soft
and den i back soft
cus you thinkin you could prevent what happen
you the reason i think im gettin sick of rappin
(chorus)
we know what you thinkin love
you think we out smokin
nd drinkin love
pushing beard whips
chains clinkin love
well you dont really kno me
lik you think you kno me
and we kno how you speculate
thinkin we gone hit your friend
if you object a date
claim we early but be showin up extra late love
but you dont really kno me like you think you kno me
(tay)
you probley think i walk around wit ma gun tucked in
swing dick to dis hoes lik nun chucks well
you can think what you want but
i think you been watchin to much BET uncut
you need ta get real
and check out ma real life
i aint a tip drill
dnt kare wat it smell lik
but if you feel lik
puttin all your noshins aside
and talkin to a real nigga
i gladly ablige
first name fontay
id b pleased ta date you
college educated
got degrees and paper
but im from the south were if you aint snappin or rappin bout trappin
yous a freak of nature
such a animalie
speak so well
and talk so collegie
such a astonishing contrast
to all the bullsh** youve been following
on ma behalf of dem i offer ma apology
maybe wit me youll unlearn
puttin all niggas in a box of concerns
me cus i aint them
shit im well read like sun burn
and afta me youll neva leave
no stone unturned
(chorus)
we know what you thinkin love
you think we out smokin
nd drinkin love
pushing beard whips
chains clinkin love
well you dont really kno me
lik you think you kno me
and we kno how you speculate
thinkin we gone hit your friend
if you object a date
claim we early but be showin up extra late love
but you dont really kno me like you think you kno me
I used to wake up thinkin' how I'd like to spend my day
I only had myself to please, and I liked that ok
And everything that happened only happened to me
That's how it used to be
[Chorus]
Now I pray for you more than I pray for myself
For the first time in my life, I'd live and die for someone else
And I'm amazed by the power of a love that runs so deep
'Cause suddenly, it's not about me anymore
Everything I have or am I'd sacrifice for you
I ask God to help me make your dreams come true
I look at you and I forget everything that came before
You're all I've waited for
[Chorus]
Now I pray for you more than I pray for myself
For the first time in my life, I'd live and die for someone else
And I'm amazed by the power of a love that runs so deep
'Cause suddenly, it's not about me anymore
Your love, it makes me strong
It brings me to my knees
To my knees
[Chorus]
Now I pray for you more than I pray for myself
For the first time in my life, I'd live and die for someone else
And I'm amazed by the power of a love that runs so deep
And now I see, it's not about me anymore
Let's Go
Well Alright
WELL ALRIGHT!
[Verse 1]
Look
Feeling Sorry For The Runner Up	I'm Still Awake Gettin Money When The Sun Is Up Nd They Keep Saying How They Need Me To Deliver Cuz They Hate It When The Rookin Starters Can Put The Numbers Up Mannnn Haters So Passay Catch Me In A Tom Fort Suit On Draft Day Nigguh Nd It's Just Me Nd My Money Ya Don't Even Get To Play When Ya Leading By Twenty Yeah I Inflitrated The Game I Was Hesitant At First Nd Feared What It Would Change Now Im High Off The Success Nd Faded Off Of The Fame Nd Still I Manage To Keep All My Opinions The Same Man I Am SO FAR GONE BITCH IM OUTTA HERE HOTTER THEN STANDIN INSIDE ROCKIN OUTTAWEAR I WANT IT ALL MAN I NEVER LEARNED HOW TO SHARED I ALSO CAN NO LONGER CONVERSE WITH YOU THOUSANDNERS WOW I SWEAR IM KILLIN SHIT IM KILLIN SHIT SHOUT OUT 2 THE NIGGAZ I JUST MADE A COUPLE MILLION WITH YEAH FROM THE BEGINNING 2 THE END KNOW I WILL END UP MAKIN HISTORY NOT INTO MAKIN FRIENDS MOTHERFUCKA AHHHHHHH
Soulja Boy - Chorus]
Cash Money, fast money,
everyday I'm paper chasing,
trying to get the dollars,
Gucci Louie, Dolce Gabbana,
Yes its Young money,
We're SOD Money Gang,
SOD money gang,
it's time to play ball
play ball, play ball
play ball, play ball
play ball, play ball
[Drake]
Take yourself a picture when Im standing at the mound,
and I swear its going down, Im just reppin for my town,
off a cup of cj gibson, man Im faded off to Brown,
im easily influenced by the niggas Im around,
see that aston martin when i start it hear the sound,
i aint never graduated aint got no cap and gown,
but the girls in my class who were smart enough to pass
be at all my fucking parties, grabbing money off the ground,
[Drake]
Yeah, all hell mr lyrical,
spades of the opus baby,
what you got a feeling for,
I can show you new things,
how you feeling spiritual,
Pastor Kerney Thomas to these hoes...miwacles!
yeah ok they say that Im the one in fact,
they say that im they favorite
but i aint hearing none of that,
i'm all about my team hoe, young money running back,
cash money superstar, where the fuck is stunna at?
Damn...
[Soulja Boy]
I just got a new deal,
I aint talking pickle,
Im outside the cell,
while you boys just sickle,
soulja boy and superman,
the hip hop hero,
she sucking all over my body, call her mosquito,
the cheese is all on me, just like a dorrito,
disrespect and you'll get shot like a free throw,
I go hard, never ever go soft,
always swag on, never ever swag off,
greatest rapper of the century,
got more bars than a fucking penitentiary,
every since elementary,
blueberry kush, I call it fruit roll up,
and when I wake up I be baking like soda,
my pockets fat like my jeans made by Oprah,
in your house on your sisters wall is my poster,
fucking models, doing shows just like I supposed ta,
my lifestyle extravagant, attitude arrogant,
[Chorus]
Yeah, uh huh
Uh, hardly home but always reppin',
You hardly on and always second,
When I'm awake you always restin',
And when they call you the answer you will hardly question,
I, I'm doin' classic shit in all my sessions,
Other nigga's situations they are all depressin',
That's why I never follow y'all suggestions,
I just always did my own thing,
Now I run the game, you stupid mudda-suckas
I see all this money through my Ohio State buck eyes,
Shit been goin' good, but good can turn to better,
Cause you the type to lose her, and I'm about to get her
It's okay
It's okay
It's okay
It's okay
It's okay
It's okay
You can run an tell your friends that
I'm on
I'm on
I'm on
I'm on
I'm on
I'm on
Best believe I understand
It's okay
It's okay
It's okay
It's okay
It's okay
It's okay
You can run an tell my city
I'm on
I'm on
I'm on
I'm on
I'm on
I'm on
You can run an tell my city it's on
Yeah, wrong way down a one way,
Women don't get saved 'round me even on a Sunday,
Damn where I get it from, these niggas always wonder who,
Then they meet my pop and tell 'em "Drake is just a younger you"
And shawty wanna party so don't let yo girl up out the house
Or there'll be shots on T-M-Z, of me givin' her mouth-to-mouth,
Now she's famous and the paparazzi starts to shoot her,
I drive two black cars I named 'em Malcom X an' Martin Luther
I don't ever play but I'm in the game lady,
They just loose to love, those are tennis games lady,
Have you countin' money goin' duffle bag crazy,
Sippin' on Pink Floyd an puffin' Wayne Brady,
Damn, who's line is it anyways,
I'm in a daze, you been amazed,
Y'all seem to be stuck on that beginner stage,
I'm on fire, yup I've been a blaze,
I got dough to blow, but I wanna blow it right,
You look nice, and yo' frame, makes me wanna bowl a strike
Well alright, guess I might, know what? Fuck it, yes I will,
I am more than what you bargained for and nothin' less than real
Put it to you like
It's okay
It's okay
It's okay
It's okay
It's okay
It's okay
You can run an tell your friends that
I'm on
I'm on
I'm on
I'm on
I'm on
I'm on
Best believe I understand
It's okay
It's okay
It's okay
It's okay
It's okay
It's okay
You can run an tell my city
I'm on
I'm on
I'm on
I'm on
I'm on
I'm on
You can run an tell my city it's on
Bun B King of the Trill also one of the dopest,
Whether the streets or on the mic, I'm dope and yes I'm focused,
That gangsta recognize me for my locc ness no joke it's,
Time to shake these haters off like the skin of a Locus,
Or maybe like a python that's the type a shit I'm on,
I wrote this on my iPhone so let me drop this iBomb,
I palm the game like its a Splading ball and take flight,
From the free throw line and slam it down like I'm the great Mike
Bun an Wayne an Drake in here man this goin' be a great night,
Look at all these posers bite, our swagger like a great white,
Try to cross me over I just fake left then I break right,
Stupid animal tricks like David Letterman's Late Night,
This that major moment you've been waitin' on for too long,
The best that ever did it an doin' it on a new song,
U-G-K an Young Money too strong
Bound to be in the green like a crouton,
So what the fuck is you on?
It's okay
It's okay
It's okay
It's okay
It's okay
It's okay
You can run an tell your friends that
I'm on
I'm on
I'm on
I'm on
I'm on
I'm on
Best believe I understand
It's okay
It's okay
It's okay
It's okay
It's okay
It's okay
You can run an tell my city
I'm on
I'm on
I'm on
I'm on
I'm on
I'm on
You can run an tell my city it's on
I am the leather jacket, black glasses, All-American bad boy
I own the swagger supermarket an' you, you just a bag boy
Cause I got that swag boy, the swag you never had boy
Hate an' I will leave ya chest the color of my flag boy
Soo woo bitch, I do this shit, I'll erase you like I drew you bitch
An' I keep that toaster you can come an be my strudel bitch
I'm so uptown, and motherfucker look at Wayne
Don't go uptown yeah
And now I'm on this rock shit,
But why they let me in I'm a start shootin' in a mosh pit, ha ha
Fuck is you talkin' bout, Weezy in ya mouth now
Weezy whatchu talkin' bout
(Young mula baby!)
It's okay
It's okay
It's okay
It's okay
It's okay
It's okay
You can run an tell your friends that
I'm on
I'm on
I'm on
I'm on
I'm on
I'm on
Best believe I understand
It's okay
It's okay
It's okay
It's okay
It's okay
It's okay
You can run an tell my city
I'm on
I'm on
I'm on
I'm on
I'm on
I'm on
You can run an tell my city it's on
I said, tell me, whats really goin' on
Drizzy back up in this thang, I'm ready
Whats happenin'?
Gone for surgery but now I'm back again
I'm bout my paper like a mu'fuckiin' scratch n' win
World series attitude, champagne bottle life
Nothing ever changes so tonight is like tomorrow night
I will have a model wife
Yo bitch is as hot as ice
Every time you see I look like I hit the lotto twice
"Drake you got em right?"
Yea I got em bun
I love myself cause I swear their life is just not as fun
Neets got the weed, hush got a gun
C-J got my credit cards and a lot of ones
Yea, I'm in the city of the purple sprites
Some one tell Meliah I'm on fire,
She should work tonight
Call up king of diamonds and tell china it'll be worth the flight
I be at my table stackin' dollars till the perfect height
Work somethin', twirk something basis
She just tryna make it
So shes right here gettin' naked
I don't judge her I don't judge her
But I could never love her
Cause to her I'm just a rapper
And since she'll have met another
That's why me and lil' jazz bout to spazz
Can you keep up?
I'm just feelin' sorry for who ever gotta sweep up
Yea, bills every where, trill everything
And drake just stand for "Do Right And Kill Everything"
I love Nicki Minaj
I told her I'd admit it
I hope one day we get married just to say we fuckin' did it
And girl I'm fuckin' serious
I'm with it if you with it
Cause yo verses turn me on and your pants are mighty fitted
Ugh, damn, I think you caught me in the moment
Like I catch 'em stealing flows cause I swear I never loaned it
And life ain't a rehearsal
The camera is always rollin'
So come and get a portion of this money that we blowin'
Cause its on
Yea girls its on,
You know what it is when I finally make it home
I just hope you miss me a little when I'm gone
Yeah I just hope you miss me a little when I'm gone
And you just tell me what you down for
Anything you down for
I know things have changed
Know I used to be around more
But you should miss a little when I'm gone
I just hope you miss me a little when I'm gone
Ooh shit,
Muthafucker God Damn
Kickin' bitches out the Condo like Pam
Getting money everyday I'm a ground hog
Bout to scoop your girl up like a ground ball
I walk light so I don't piss the ground off
Man I swear my bitches do it till they suck the brown off
Eww, that's nasty
Yes I am Weezy but I ain't asthmatic
James Bond cologne, honey I put on
Make 'em run and tell there friends like a marathon
Voice baritone, haters carry on
Beat the pussy up, call me Larry Holmes
Young Money's Jerry Sloan
I turn every stone
When she masturbate to me, that's how she learn every song
To women I condone better write me when I'm gone
No I'm not that thuggish not that ruggish but I do pack Bone
Uh, I'm a love machine
And I won't work for nobody but you
It's only me and her because the Bugatti a coupe
Its blood gang slime but I party with Snoop
I ain't lying I shoot
You don't need science to proof
Turn you to a vegetable like you living in soup
And when I'm in the booth, bitch the lion is loose
Man I got so many styles I am a group
Damn, I'll be gone till November
Fuck it I ain't trippin', I know Drizzy gon' kill em'
I'm sticking to the script like lint on denim
Momma say it if the rules ain't bent don't bend em'
Real nigga talking
Shut the fuck up hoe
Gotta do it one time for Haiti, what up Zoe
Weezy F Baby and the F is for Front door
Cause that's where I bring it,
So woo if you bang it, mothafucka
Yea girls its on,
You know what it is when I finally make it home
I just hope you miss me a little when I'm gone
Yeah I just hope you miss me a little when I'm gone
And you just tell me what you down for
Anything you down for
I know things have changed
Know I used to be around more
But you should miss a little when I'm gone
I just hope you miss me a little when I'm gone
Sound like my mic is right
Ugh
I am not a human
Shout to all my moon men
Daddy call me Tune
Got them b****es tuned in
It's a crazy world so I stay in mine
And n****s don't cross the line
N****s stay in line
Like welfare I stay elsewhere
Hotter than a devil, n**** hell yeah
Roc-a-bye baby, homocide baby
That's more tear drops, call me Cry Baby
What you talkin' 'bout? Tell it to my .9
Cut your tongue out, mail it to your moms
I'm a young god, swagga un-flawed
B**** I'm in the building, you in the front yard
Life's a b****, naw, better yet a dumb broad
And I bet I can f*** the world and make it cum hard
Yeah you boys is washed up
And I'm s***tin' on 'em, like two girls and one cup
Weezy Baby aka bring the money home
Pull out a AK and pop ya in ya funny bone
Laugh now die later muthaf***er
You's a b**** like Zeta Phi Beta muthaf***er
[Chorus]
Yeah, I call it how I see ya
I wish I never met ya, I wouldn't wanna be ya
P**** a** n****, I don't want your gonorrhea
P**** a** n****, I don't want your gonorrhea
Yeah, I call it how I see ya
I wish I never met ya, I wouldn't wanna be ya
P**** a** n****, I don't want your gonorrhea
P**** a** n****, I don't want your gonorrhea
Man I'm so tired of ballin' I sleep a lot now
I'll let my goons rush ya, like Moscow
Gun at ya eyebrow pow pow
Man I ball hard, even with five fouls
Yeah we in this b****, like tampons
Dump ya in the woods, now get ya camp on
Choke hold around this s*** 'cause I'm so hands on
I get high as f*** and Polo sheets is what I lands on
Back against the wall and my two feet is what I stand on
Diva in the room, she blowin' me just like a band horn
Got her on her knees the same knees that she be prayin' on
Now she just text her girlfriend with a capital, "You can join"
Yeah, what y'all wanna do I'm all ears
Smokin' on that head band call that s*** that Paul Pierce
I'm just so ahead of my time like dog years
Ball like Solange, India Arie, Britney Spears
[Chorus]
I am, spendin' much more than I'm makin' on these cars and these vacations
Is that too much information?
I just bought a Lamborghini, I'm not even into racin'
With a windshield full of tickets 'cause I live right by the station
I am, try'na figure out why you so mad at me
Yes I'm with Young Money tell the magazine stop askin' me
I be with the dread with the tattoos on his head
And a flag the color red like a f***in' low battery
N**** peep the s*** I'm wylin' on
I be with your baby momma you be with your child at home
Big Mo, Big Red, two cups made of Styrofoam
Big cheese, big bread, call that s*** a calzone
I will break yo' f***in' collar bone
Us against the world, better pick which f***in' side you on
Wayne got a Bugatti that he steady puttin' mileage on
And we about to kill 'em, C4 Mr. Carter's home
Yeah, I call it how I see ya
I wish I never met ya, I wouldn't wanna be ya
We some a**hole n****s, call us diarrhea
The money keep growin', yep
It's growin' like a Chia
Yeah, I call it how I see it
Y'all some p**** a** n****s we should call ya gonorrhea
Uh, you keep talkin' that s*** I'ma see ya
Kill ya senorita and and f*** ya mama mia
It's the ones that smoke blunts with ya, seen ya picture
Now they wanna grab a gun and come and getcha
It's the ones that smoke blunts with ya, seen ya picture
Now they wanna grab a gun and come and getcha
One time for the homie DJ Screw
Already I'm feelin' throwed in this bitch
I'm so high even when I'm comin' down
Just met a girl, said she from the H-Town
I said my name is Drizzy and ain't nobody realer
A cup inside a cup smokin' ghost face killah
Got these boppers goin' crazy
Nigga, I'm the man, I sent your girl message
Said I see you when I can
She send me one back but I ain't never read it
'Cause pussies only pussy and I get it when I need it and
I'm tellin' you when homies runnin' down in the winter
And I be riding rims with tires in it thinner
Air force stun fly charters over seas full of Don Perian
And the water for the D's
Don't know why it happens every time we alone
But here we are again and I swear I'm in my zone
So I'ma sip this drink till that motherfucker gone
Than you go get undressed and we gon' get it on
I don't give you the time you deserve from me
This is something I know, I know, I know
So tonight I'll just fuck you like we're in Houston
Taking everything slow so slow, so slow but I do it to her
Draped up and dripped out know what I'm talkin' 'bout
Three in the morning get it poppin' in the parking lot
It's on once again and I never pretend
A nigga stay G till the end, yeah
I swear like every time we find ourself in this situation
I just get that feeling like I mean Houston candy paint
Switching colors in the light, it's about like 11 p.m.
And you just roaming through the city bumpin' that screw
Big Mo, UGK, Lil Keke
It feel like everything just moving slow
Let's take my time, I pace it, baby
Yeah, I'm gone
Here we go..
I'm still fly
I'm sky high and I dare anybody tuh try and cut my wings.
I'm still pullin out the phantom and these haters can't stand me nigga I'm still doin my thing.
I'm still fly
I'm sky high and I dare anybody tuh try and cut my wings.
I'm still shuttin cities down everytime I come around.
Nigga I'm still doin my thing.
I'm still, I'm still.
Responsible for everything you listen to my meteocre talent proceeds to try and condition you.
Took over my city and I never asked permission to.
Started poppin bottles 'cause its ATL tradition to celebrate it by hard
Fuck a nigga so hard.
If there ain't a elevator in this its a no go.
Coldest thing droppin is these bitches wanna snowblow.
And they just gimme head while the haters gimme promoooo!
And man my dj shoulda won that.
Well listen and respect mann the city owes us one bag.
All these old hands keep their minds on one track.
And me I run Toronto holla at me when you done laps.
Roll around with nikko, party with a zukka.
Shot goes out the wonder, shot goes out the future, shot goes out the getty mutha fucka I am ready.
And whoever got the torch just can't seem tuh hold it steady 'cause I see the flame flickerin, ex girls bickerin, got these women jockin me from heartlake road tuh pickerin.
I tried tuh send my nigga shorts, I'm certefied in michigan but my connects said it'll take a minute if yer listenin.
Please start doin you.
I've been doing me and I'm a staple in my city you can never ruin me.
Rappers are emotional, critics be reviewin me but I got love for everybody even if yer suin me.
My brotha be-rain knows we fuck with the same hoes plus he taught me how tuh spot an officer in plain clothes.
Starin at you pussy niggas, all I see is rainbows.
Hoppin on a jet tuh every lil wayne show.
Me and lil jazzy please do not harass me just hollar if you got me and fuck you if you had me.
Shot goes out tuh brian e, shot out tuh photo will.
Shout out tuh all our forty men boy you know the deal.
Shout out tuh mayhem. shout out tuh p plus.
The names I mention are crucial you gonna need us.
And life is good, everything is just fine.
I am so sure of my lines I can sacrifice a line like...
Nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh.
Oh yeah I swear I really fuckin does it!
I had these niggas trippin on luggage.
I'm still fly
I'm sky high and I dare anybody tuh try and cut my wings.
I'm still pullin out the phantom and these haters can't stand me nigga in still doin my thing.
I'm still fly
I'm sky high and I dare anybody tuh try and cut my wings.
I'm still shuttin cities down everytime I come around.
Nigga I'm still doin my thing.
I'm still, I'm still.
Ladies make some noise if you wanna be my replacement
Let me show you what it is
I was birthed up top but was raised at the bottom of the map
Where the girls all thick and the hottest niggas rap
If you lookin for the good then we got in the trap like
Ooo wee
Took 'em from white snakes to
Ooo wee
This metaphor might sound a little confusing but
Y'all don't really know me if you know me
I done come all way from the Days Inn and all the hotels that I stayed in
I took my lifestyle from mediocre to good and now I say it's sittin' at amazing
Girls tryin SoHo lobby us
Hear 'em all screamin then it's probably is
But I can't blame females, females can't really ignore something this obvious
What you really expect when I strut through town
Two or three days I shut you down
Chilin' wit' the homie Trey Songz
You call him the prince he rep two up two down
Anyone I know get used to me
I'm far from the man that I used to be
I don't ever really kick game
I know you find it impressive whenever you introduced to me
'Cause I'm a good dude who take pride in that
Need good lovin' I'm providing that
Understand that I'm worldwide
You get it how you want it wherever you be residing at
'Cause I do things from the M-town
To the UK
From Spain back out to Texas
This album's for my fans
But, yo, this hook is for my exes
This one is for you girl
You know who you are girl
You only show your face
'Cause you know that I'm a star girl
What you trying to to make it
Don't ever mistake it
Girl my time is limited and I ain't trying to waste it all on you
You had a chance now It's gone
Ooh, you had a man now you don't
Back to the basics, I think I made it
Ladies make some noise if you wanna be my replacement girl
Ain't ya never seen a youngin' so fly
Lookin for someone your type
I done left behind the love of my life
Tryin' to find another one tonight
And if it's you baby, let yourself be seen
Don't matter skirts, dresses or jeans
I got that work, know what I mean
And I'm flexin' on my ex if you know what mean
This one is for you girl
You know who you are girl
You only show your face
'Cause you know that I'm a star girl
What you trying to to make it
Don't ever mistake it
Girl my time is limited and I ain't trying to waste it all on you
You had a chance now It's gone
Ooh, you had a man now you don't
Back to the basics, I think I made it
Ladies make some noise if you wanna be my replacement girl
Check this out
From the that she get picked for some take out
Until they slip up and break out
But it's another story over here at Drake's house
Cause I'm dripped up and I'm drapped out
And I'm lean back, scoping
Looking for a woman that I should wife
Who got just the right amount of loyalty
Yeah but is still anticipating us living the good life
We go LA, VA, NY, TO
Sunshine in that heat stroke
And them fur hoods in that deep snow
We have breakfast in the bedroom
Break bread downstairs in the basement
Since Jay and Kelz ain't doing the thing no more
Guess me and the boy Songz is the replacement
This one is for you girl
You know who you are girl
You only show your face
'Cause you know that I'm a star girl
What you trying to to make it
Don't ever mistake it
Girl my time is limited and I ain't trying to waste it all on you
You had a chance now It's gone
Ooh, you had a man now you don't
Back to the basics, I think I made it
Ladies make some noise if you wanna be my replacement girl
"Good God Almighty, like back in the old days
You know, years ago they had the A&R; men to tell you what to play
How to play it and you know whether it's disco and rock
But um, we just went in the studio and we did it
We had champagne in the studio, of course, you know
Compliments of the company, and we just laid back and did it
So we hope you enjoy listening to this album half as much
As we enjoyed playing it for you, because we had a ball
Only real music is gonna last
All the other bullshit is here today and gone tomorrow"
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M. get the money, dolla-dolla bill y'all
After hours of Il Mulino
Or Sotto Sotto, just talkin' about women and vino
The contract like '91 Dan Marino
I swear this got Michael Rapino boostin' my ego
Overly focused, it's far from the time to rest now
Debates growing 'bout who they think is the best now
Took a while, got the jokers out of the deck now
I'm holdin' all the cards and niggas wanna play chess now
I hear you talkin', say it twice so I know you meant it
Fuck it, I don't even tint it, they should know who's in it
I'm authentic, real name, no gimmicks
No game, no scrimmage, I ain't playin' with you niggas at all
My classmates, they went on to be chartered accountants
Or work with their parents, but thinkin' back on how they treated me
My high school reunion might be worth an appearance
Make everybody have to go through security clearance
Tables turn, bridges burn, you live and learn
With the ink, I could murder word to my nigga Irv
Yeah, I swear shit just started clickin' dog
You know it's real when you are who you think you are
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M. get the money, dolla-dolla bill y'all
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M. get the money, dolla-dolla bill y'all
Uh, I had Benzes 'fore you had braces
The all black Maybach but I'm not a racist
Inside's whiter than Katy Perry's face is
Yellow diamonds in my Jess
I just might learn to speak Mandarin
Japanese for the yen that I'm handlin'
International Hov, that's my handle
My saint's Sean Don, light a candle
El Gran Santo on the mantle
'Case y'all didn't know, I speak Spanish too
Shoutout to Worldwide Wes
Everywhere we go we leave a worldwide mess
Yes, still Roc La Familia
Says a lot about you if you not feelin' us
The homie said "Hov, there ain't many of us"
I told him less is more, nigga it's plenty of us
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M. get the money, dolla-dolla bill y'all
Cake, cake-cake, cake-cake, cake
500 million, I got a pound cake
Niggas is frontin', that's upside-down cake
Get 'em a red nose, they clown cakes
They shoulda never let you 'round cake
Look at my neck, I got a carrot cake
Now here's the icing on the cake
Cake, cake-cake, cake-cake
Uh I'm just gettin' started, oh yeah we got it bitch
I've done made more millionaires than the lotto did
Dame made millions, Bigg made millions
Ye made millions, Just made millions
Lyor made millions, Cam made millions
Beans tell you if he wasn't in his feelings
I'm back in my bag
My eyes bloodshot but my jet don't lag
A pair of Jordan 3's tryna chase this cash
Gucci air bag just in case we crash
Uh, last night was mad trill
I'm fresh out of Advil, Jesus grab the wheel
Yeah uh, look, fuck all that happy to be here shit that y'all want me on
I'm the big homie, they still be tryna lil' bro me dog
Like I should fall in line, like I should alert niggas
When I'm 'bout to drop somethin' crazy and I say I'm the greatest of my generation
Like I should be dressin' different
Like I should be less aggressive and pessimistic
Like I should be way more nervous and less dismissive
Like I should be on my best behavior
And not talk my shit and do it major like the niggas who paved the way for us
Like I didn't study the game to the letter
And understand that I'm not doin' it the same, man, I'm doin' it better
Like I didn't make that clearer this year
Like I should feel, I don't know, guilty for saying that
They should put a couple more mirrors in here so I can stare at myself
These are usually just some thoughts that I would share with myself
But I thought "Fuck it"
It's worth it to share 'em with someone else more than Paris for once
I text her from time to time, she a mom now
I guess sometimes life forces us to calm down
I told her she could live with me if she need to
I got a compound but I think she's straight
Cause she supported since Hot Beats right before Wayne came
And got me out of the backroom where I was rapping with Jas over beats I shouldn't have in the hopes for the glory
He walked right past in the hallway 3 months later I'm his artist
He probably wouldn't remember that story
But that shit stick with me
Always couldn't believe when he called me
You never know, it could happen to you
And I just spent four Ferraris all on a brand new Bugatti
And did that shit cause it's something to do, yeah
I guess its just who I became dog
Nothing was the same dog
Started from the bottom now we're here
Started from the bottom now my whole team fucking here
Started from the bottom now we're here
Started from the bottom now the whole team here, nigga
Started from the bottom now we're here
Started from the bottom now my whole team here, nigga
Started from the bottom now we're here
Started from the bottom now the whole team fucking here
I done kept it real from the jump
Living at my mama's house we'd argue every month
Nigga, I was trying to get it on my own
Working all night, traffic on the way home
And my uncle calling me like "Where ya at?
I gave you the keys told ya bring it right back"
Nigga, I just think its funny how it goes
Now I'm on the road, half a million for a show
And we started from the bottom now we're here
Started from the bottom now my whole team fucking here
Started from the bottom now we're here
Started from the bottom now the whole team here, nigga
Started from the bottom now we're here
Started from the bottom now my whole team fucking here
Started from the bottom now we're here
Started from the bottom now my whole team here, nigga
Boys tell stories about the man
Say I never struggled, wasn't hungry, yeah, I doubt it, nigga
I could turn your boy into the man
There ain't really much I hear that's poppin' off without us, nigga
We just want the credit where it's due
I'ma worry about me, give a fuck about you
Nigga, just as a reminder to myself
I wear every single chain, even when I'm in the house
'Cause we started from the bottom now we're here
Started from the bottom now my whole team fucking here
Started from the bottom now we're here
Started from the bottom now the whole team here, nigga
No new niggas, nigga we don't feel that
Fuck a fake friend, where your real friends at?
We don't like to do too much explainin'
Story stay the same I never changed it
No new niggas, nigga we don't feel that
Fuck a fake friend, where your real friends at?
We don't like to do too much explainin'
Story stay the same through the money and the fame
'Cause we started from the bottom now we're here
Started from the bottom now my whole team fucking here
Started from the bottom now we're here
Started from the bottom now the whole team here, nigga
Started from the bottom now we're here
Started from the bottom now my whole team here, nigga
Started from the bottom now we're here
Started from the bottom now my whole team here, nigga
It's not me and you, it's not me it's you
You're reckless and you know it, they don't love you like I do
Say you're moving on, well, I guess that's just the motion
I guess that's just the motion, I guess that's just the motion
I guess that's just the motion, I guess that's just the motion
I don't have a fuck to give, I've been moving state to state
In my leather and my Timbs like it's 1998
And my dog Chubby Chub, that's my nigga from the way
On the east side of the city that's where everybody stay
Seem like everybody calling cause they want me on their song
It's like every time I touch it I could never do no wrong
When they need a favor from your man, they don't leave you alone
But I guess that's just the motion
Then that phone doesn't ring
When they got everything, that's the motion
Oh-oh, I guess that's just the motion
Oh-oh, I guess that's just the motion
Yeah, looking back on it at least my pride is intact
'Cause we said no strings attached and I still got tied up in that
Everything that I write is either for her or about her
So I'm with her even when I'm here without her and she know it
The girl that I wanna save is like a danger to my health
Try being with somebody that wanna be somebody else
I always thought she was perfect when she was being herself
Don't even know how to help, but I guess that's just the motion
She'll probably come around
Soon as I settle down, that's the motion
Oh-oh, I guess that's just the motion
Oh-oh, I guess that's just the motion
I guess that's just the motion
Nothing less and nothing more
I hear your heart hit the floor
(I guess that's just the motion)
Talking to you is not enough
I guess that's just the motion
I guess that's just the motion
I guess that's just the motion
Bridge over troubled water, ice in my muddy water
Rich off a mixtape, got rich off a mixtape
Probably shouldn't be driving, it just got so much harder
Can't even steer straight, I can't even steer straight
Oh, fuck with me, I buy the shots
Live a little, cause niggas die a lot, and lie a lot
But I'm the truth that's right I fucking said it
The living proof that you ain't gotta die to get to heaven
You girl, you right there, you look like you like this shit
How'd I know, how'd I know? That's me on some psychic shit
I can tell a lie if you ask me about my whereabouts
But I might talk that real if you ask me what I care about
Reppin' bitches, reppin' bitches bitches
And reppin' reppin' them bitches until all of us switches
I swear, it's been two years since somebody ask me who I was
I'm the greatest man I said that before I knew I was
That's what's important and what really happened before this
When me and my crew was all about this rapper from New Orleans
Singing walking like a man, finger on the trigger
I got money in my pocket, I'm a uptown nigga, ah
With fame on my mind, my girl on my nerves
I was pushing myself to get something that I deserve
That was back in the days, Acura days
I was a cold dude, I'm getting back to my ways
People always ask how I got my nice things
Take my crown to the grave, I'm an underground king
I bet we can make tonight the greatest story ever told
Cause I'm down to spend whatever, lately I've been on a roll
And I do it for the city, cause you know the city love a nigga
Do it for the city, cause you know the city love it a nigga
Do it for the city, cause you know the city love it a nigga
Do it for the city, (UGK fuck these other niggas)
Sometimes I need that romance, sometimes I need that pole dance
Sometimes I need that stripper that's gon' tell me that she don't dance
Tell me lies, make it sound good, make it sound good
Do me like the women from my town would
Leather with that woodgrain, Persian rugs on wood floors
Talking all them good things, that's all I'm really good for
Memphis Tennessee no, see I start to go deep back
And rich crust with my seat back with Yo Gotti and E-Mack
And these niggas got them diamonds glowing in they mouth
And they rockin' furs like it's snowing in the south
And every pretty girl tell me that's the shit that she like
So why am I a classic, this is who I'm trying to be like
So I drop out, lessons I was taught are quick to fade
As soon I realize that term-end papers they won't get me paid
If I don't nothing I'ma ball
I'm countin' all day like a clock on the wall
Yeah need that, making major changes to the life I'm living
I had no choice, I had to prove I made the right decisions
That was back in the days, Acura days
I was a cold dude, I'm getting back to my ways
People always ask how I got my nice things
Take my crown to the grave, I'm an underground king
I bet we can make tonight the greatest story ever told
Cause I'm down to spend whatever, lately I've been on a roll
And I do it for the city, cause you know the city love a nigga
Do it for the city, cause you know the city love it a nigga
Do it for the city, cause you know the city love it a nigga
Do it for the city, (UGK fuck these other niggas)
I got my eyes on you,
You're everything that I see
I want your hot love and emotion, endlessly
I can't get over you,
You left your mark on me
I want your high love and emotion, endlessly
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it
You act so different around me
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it
I know exactly who you could be
Just hold on we're going home
Just hold on we're going home
It's hard to do these things alone
Just hold on we're going home, ho oh
I got my eyes on you,
You're everything that I see
I want your hot love and emotion, endlessly
I can't get over you,
You left your mark on me
I want your high love and emotion, endlessly
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it
You act so different around me
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it
I know exactly who you could be
So just hold on we're going home (goin' home)
Just hold on we're going home (goin' home)
It's hard to do these things alone (things alone)
Just hold on we're going home (goin' home)
Ho oh (goin' home)
You're the girl
You're the one
Gave you every
Thing I love
I think there's something
Baby
I think there's something
Baby
You're the girl,
You're the one
Gave you every
Thing I love
I think there's something
Baby
I think there's something
Baby
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it
You act so different around me
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it
I know exactly who you could be
Oh just hold on we're going home (goin' home)
Just hold on we're going home (goin' home)
It's hard to do these things alone (things alone)
Just hold on we're going home (goin' home)
Ho oh (goin' home)
(Hold on, hold on)
(Hold on)
Don't think about it too much, too much, too much, too much
There's no need for us to rush it through
Don't think about it too much, too much, too much, too much
This is more than just a new lust for you
Done saying, I'm done playing
Last time was on the outro
Stuck in the house, need to get out more
I've been stacking up like I'm fundraising
Most people in my position get complacent
Come places with star girls, end up on them front pages
I'm quiet but I just ride with it
Moment I stop having fun with it, I'll be done with it
I'm the only one that's putting shots up
And like a potluck, you need to come with it
Don't run from it, like H-Town in the summer time, I keep it 100
Lot of girls in my time there, word to Paul Wall, not one fronted
I was birthed there in my first year, man I know that place like I come from it
Backstage at Warehouse in '09 like "Is Bun coming?
Fuck that, is any one coming 'fore I show up there and ain't no one there?"
These days, I could probably pack it for like twenty nights if I go in there
Back rub from my main thing, I've been stressed out
Talking to her like back then they didn't want me, I'm blessed now
Talking to her like this drop, bet a million copies get pressed out
She tell me, "Take a deep breath, you're too worried about being the best out"
Don't think about it too much, too much, too much, too much
There's no need for us to rush it through
Don't think about it too much, too much, too much, too much
This is more than just a new lust for you
Someone go tell Noel to get the Backwoods
Money got my whole family going backwards
No dinners, no holidays, no nothing
There's issues at hand that we're not discussing
Look, I did not sign up for this
My uncle used to have all these things on his bucket list
And now he's acting like, oh, well, this is life, I guess, "Nah, fuck that shit
Listen man, you can still do what you wanna do, you gotta trust that shit"
Heard once that in dire times when you need a sign, that's when they appear
Guess since my text message didn't resonate, I'll just say it here
Hate the fact my mom cooped up in her apartment, telling herself
That she's too sick to get dressed up and go do shit, like that's true shit
And all my family from the M-Town that I've been 'round, started treating me like I'm "him" now
Like we don't know each other, we ain't grow together, we just friends now
Shit got me feeling pinned down, pick the pen up and put the pen down
Writing to you from a distance like a pen pal, but we've been down
Don't think about it too much, too much, too much, too much
There's no need for us to rush it through
Don't think about it too much, too much, too much, too much
This is more than just a new lust for you
Don't think about it too much, too much, too much, too much
There's no need for us to rush it through
Don't think about it too much, too much, too much, too much
This is more than just a new lust for you
I don't know why they been lying but yo shit is not that inspiring
Bank account statements just look like I'm ready for early retirement
Fuck any nigga that's talkin' that shit just to get a reaction
Fuck going platinum, I looked at my wrist and it's already platinum
I am the kid with the motor mouth
I am the one that you should worry about
I don't know who you're referring to, who is this nigga you heard about?
Someone just talking that bullshit, someone just gave you the run-around
Niggas downplaying the money but that's what you do when the money down
I don't waste time putting money down
I just go straight to who got it and buy it in cash
Pussy so good that you gotta come see me on tour and you gotta fly in first class
This has been years in the making, it's all for the city
You know I come right every summer, Cash Money Records forever
I'm always big timing, bitch, I came up right under Stunna, you know it
Jealousy in the air tonight, I could tell
I will never understand that but oh well
Been ready, it's real, I don't know about you
She just want to smoke and fuck, I said "Girl, that's all that we do"
Okay, now you're talking my language, now you're talking my language
Now you're talking my language, now you're talking my language
Been ready, it's real, I don't know about you
She just want to smoke and fuck, I said "Girl, that's all that we do"
I'm about to roll one and light it and fuck it man, no one's invited
I got to kill off the weak shit that's got all you niggas excited
I can't even listen, you whylin', I'd much rather sit here in silence
I send all my money to banks in the islands and eat with Italians, I do
People are funny you don't even know about the shit that I been through
I just want some head in a comfortable bed, it could all be so simple
Talking that shit with your back to me, just know it always get back to me
Come get your girl, she been here for three days and she way too attached to me
Hate when they get too attached to me
I got to get on the bus and get back on the road
Get what I can out the country and then I just get on the jet and go back to the cold
Can't even drive with the top off
Been workin' so hard on the album I missed the whole summer
I just might bring in some girls from Miami
To heat up the city and that's word to Stunna, you know it
Jealousy in the air tonight, I could tell
I will never understand that but oh well
Been ready, it's real, I don't know about you
She just want to smoke and fuck, I said "Girl, that's all that we do"
Okay, now you're talking my language now you're talking my language
Now you're talking my language, now you're talking my language
Been ready, it's real, I don't know about you
She just want to smoke and fuck, I said "Girl, that's all that we do"
Yeah
Had hit records on my demo
Did y'all boys not get the memo
I do not stay at the Intercontinental
And anything I got is not a rental, I own that mothafucka
Figured out this shit, it's simple
My stock been going up like a crescendo
A bunch of handshakes from the fakes
But nigga I do not want to be friends though
I told y'all mofuckers, man, this sh-t is not a love song
This is a fuck a stripper on a mink rug song
This a fuck them boys forever, hold a grudge song
Pop some fucking champagne in the tub song
Nigga "just because" song
What's the move?
Can I tell truth? If I was doing this for you
Then I have nothing left to prove, nah
This for me, though
I'm just tryna stay alive and take care of my people
And they don't have no award for that
Trophies
Trophies
And they don't have no award for that
Shit don't come with trophies, ain't no envelopes to open
I just do it 'cause I'm 'sposed to, nigga
Bitch I go to Dreams with a suitcase
I got my whole country on a new wave
She like, "I heard all your niggas stay where you stay"
House so big I haven't seen them boys in two days
Bitch, I use a walkie talkie just to get a beverage
I saw my parents split up right after the wedding
That taught my ass to stay committed, fuck the credit
Bitch check the numbers, I'm the one who really get it
I told y'all mo'fuckas, man, this shit is not a love song
This a doing me and only God can judge song
I do not know what the fuck you thought it was song
Pop some fucking champagne in the tub song
Nigga, "just because" song
Yeah, 26 on my third GQ cover
Your new shit sound like you do covers
On all of my old shit, oh shit
I devoted to making sure that shit goes unnoticed
Swear you niggas is hopeless
I should run a clinic for niggas that think that they're winning
On some coach shit, 50Ms for a three month road trip
I see straight through them like fish tanks with no fish in them
Drizzy still got some '06 in him
IRS all in my books getting they Matlock on
All this capitol it's like I left the caps lock on
It's like every time I plot a return I seem to shift the game
See I can still talk keys without pitchin' cane
Pay yourself and owe yourself
Before you come to my city just know yourself
Know where you at
I'm good in every town, I'mma be there doing shows where you at
The lights hit women screaming like Jodeci's back, nigga
But that's, that's where all this, that's where the feeling is.
That's where all that shit comes from, man I mean like
The music that you and I used to listen to ah, was just,
Absolutely phenomenal, because we went through it all.
We went through errythang
I remember you loved Jodeci
I mean like studied, you even made me a CD
Your money is just a little Barney's Co Op for you to be tryna show out
I'm in your girl's ear planting seeds like a grow-op
We move the operation to Cali soon as the snow drop
Oh stop, please stop arguin' 'bout who's the best emcee
I think everyone would agree, they know that you're not
I know I'm a sure shot, middle finger poking you in your sore spot
Bars sound like I'm under oath nigga
I comedy central roast niggas and turn 'em to ghost niggas
Either I'm gettin' bigger or you're just gettin' smaller or both nigga
I'm just as unforgivin' as most niggas
You bit the hand, now starve, it's not a joke nigga
I'll hang you with it soon as I teach you the ropes nigga
Oh well, bitches paint OVO on their toenails
And show up at the show, the afterparty, and the hotel
That five star in your city, they know where we at
I hit the lobby, women's screaming like Jodeci's back, nigga
Jodeci's back
You bitches screamin' like Jodeci's back
I call the front desk for condoms, sayin' they ain't got none
The way that I'm respondin', she know that we black, nigga
Jodeci's back
Fuckin' hoes like Jodeci's back
I paint pictures and flip words
Nigga woulda thought Def Poetry back
I got my eyes on you,
You're everything that I see
I want your hot love and emotion, endlessly
I can't get over you,
You left your mark on me
I want your high love and emotion, endlessly
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it
You act so different around me
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it
I know exactly who you could be
Just hold on we're going home
Just hold on we're going home
It's hard to do these things alone
Just hold on we're going home, ho oh
I got my eyes on you,
You're everything that I see
I want your hot love and emotion, endlessly
I can't get over you,
You left your mark on me
I want your high love and emotion, endlessly
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it
You act so different around me
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it
I know exactly who you could be
So just hold on we're going home (goin' home)
Just hold on we're going home (goin' home)
It's hard to do these things alone (things alone)
Just hold on we're going home (goin' home)
Ho oh (goin' home)
You're the girl
You're the one
Gave you every
Thing I love
I think there's something
Baby
I think there's something
Baby
You're the girl,
You're the one
Gave you every
Thing I love
I think there's something
Baby
I think there's something
Baby
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it
You act so different around me
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it
I know exactly who you could be
Oh just hold on we're going home (goin' home)
Just hold on we're going home (goin' home)
It's hard to do these things alone (things alone)
Just hold on we're going home (goin' home)
Ho oh (goin' home)
(Hold on, hold on)
(Hold on)
Versace, Versace, Medusa head on me like I'm 'Luminati
This is a gated community
Please get the fuck off the property
Rap must be changing 'cause
I'm at the top and ain't no one on top of me
Niggas be wanting a verse for a verse
But man that's not a swap to me
Drowning in compliments
Pool in the backyard that look like Metropolis
I think I'm sellin' a million first week
Man I guess I'm an optimist
Born in Toronto but sometimes I feel like Atlanta adopted us
What the fuck is you talkin' 'bout?
Saw this shit comin' like I had binoculars
Boy, Versace, Versace
We stay at the mansion when we in Miami
The pillows' Versace, the sheets are Versace, I just won a Grammy
I've been so quiet, I got the world like
"What the fuck is he planning?"
Just make sure that you got a back up plan
'Cause that shit might come in handy
Started a label, the album is comin'
September, just wait on it
This year I'm eating your food
And my table got so many plates on it
Hundred inch TV at my house
I sit back like "damn I look great on it"
I do not fuck with your new shit
My nigga, don't ask for my take on it
Speakin' in lingo, man this for my nigga that trap out the bando
This for my niggas that call up Fernando to move a piano
Fuck all your feelin's
'Cause business is business, its strictly financial
I'm always the first one to get it
Man that's how you lead by example
Versace, Versace, Versace, Versace, Versace, Versace
Word to New York
'Cause the Dyckman and Heights girls are callin' me "Papi"
I'm all on the low, take a famous girl out with me, no paparazzi
I'm trying give Halle Berry a baby and no one can stop me
Versace, Versace, Versace, Versace
Versace, Versace, Versace, Versace
Versace, Versace Versace, Versace Versace
Versace, Versace Versace, Versace Versace
Versace, Versace, Medusa head on me like I'm 'Luminati
I know that you like it, Versace
My neck and my wrist is so sloppy
Versace, Versace, I love it, Versace the top of my Audi
My plug, he John Gotti
He give me the dozen, I know that they're mighty
Shoes and shirt Versace, your bitch want in on my pockets
She ask me why my drawers silk, I told that bitch "Versace"
Cheetah print on my sleeve, but I ain't ever been in the jungle
Try to take my sack, better run with it, nigga don't fumble
Versace, Versace, Versace, Versace
Versace, Versace, Versace, Versace
Versace, Versace Versace, Versace Versace
Versace, Versace Versace, Versace Versace
You can do Truey, I do it Versace
You copped the Honda, I copped the Mazi
You smoke the mid, I smoke exotic
I set the trend, you niggas copy
Kick in the door like I work at Hibachi
Look at the watch, blow it, hot like some Taki
Come in my room, my sheet Versace
When I go to sleep, I dream Versace
Medusa, Medusa, Medusa
You niggas they wishin' they knew yah
They coppin' the Truey, remixing the Louis
My blunts is fat as Rasputia
Feet and same shirt like I'm Tony the Tiger
I'm beating the pot, call me Michael
Lot of you niggas that copy
Look at my closet Versace, Versace
Versace, Versace, Versace, Versace
Versace, Versace, Versace, Versace
Versace, Versace Versace, Versace Versace
Versace, Versace Versace, Versace Versace
King of Versace, Medusa my wifey
My car is Versace, I got stripes on my Mazi
I'm dressin' so nicely they can't even copy
You'd think I'm Egyptian, this gold on my body
Money my mission, two bitches, they kissin'
My diamonds is pissing, my swag is exquisite
No offset no preacher but you niggas listen
Them blue and white diamonds, they look like the Pistons
Codeine sippin, Versace I'm gripping them bands in my pocket
You know that I'm living
I'm draped up in gold, but no Pharaoh
Rockin' handcuffs, that's Ferragamo
Bricks by the boat, overload
I think I'm the don, but no Rocco
This the life that I chose,
Bought out the store, can't go back no more
Versace my clothes while I'm selling them bows
Versace took over, it took out my soul
Versace, Versace, Versace, Versace
Versace, Versace, Versace, Versace
Versace, Versace Versace, Versace Versace
Versace, Versace Versace, Versace Versace
Yeah, 26 on my third GQ cover
Your new shit sound like you do covers
On all of my old shit, oh shit
I devoted to making sure that shit goes unnoticed
Swear you niggas is hopeless
I should run a clinic for niggas that think that they're winning
On some coach shit, 50Ms for a three month road trip
I see straight through them like fish tanks with no fish in them
Drizzy still got some '06 in him
IRS all in my books getting they Matlock on
All this capitol it's like I left the caps lock on
It's like every time I plot a return I seem to shift the game
See I can still talk keys without pitchin' cane
Pay yourself and owe yourself
Before you come to my city just know yourself
Know where you at
I'm good in every town, I'mma be there doing shows where you at
The lights hit women screaming like Jodeci's back, nigga
But that's, that's where all this, that's where the feeling is.
That's where all that shit comes from, man I mean like
The music that you and I used to listen to ah, was just,
Absolutely phenomenal, because we went through it all.
We went through errythang
I remember you loved Jodeci
I mean like studied, you even made me a CD
Your money is just a little Barney's Co Op for you to be tryna show out
I'm in your girl's ear planting seeds like a grow-op
We move the operation to Cali soon as the snow drop
Oh stop, please stop arguin' 'bout who's the best emcee
I think everyone would agree, they know that you're not
I know I'm a sure shot, middle finger poking you in your sore spot
Bars sound like I'm under oath nigga
I comedy central roast niggas and turn 'em to ghost niggas
Either I'm gettin' bigger or you're just gettin' smaller or both nigga
I'm just as unforgivin' as most niggas
You bit the hand, now starve, it's not a joke nigga
I'll hang you with it soon as I teach you the ropes nigga
Oh well, bitches paint OVO on their toenails
And show up at the show, the afterparty, and the hotel
That five star in your city, they know where we at
I hit the lobby, women's screaming like Jodeci's back, nigga
Jodeci's back
You bitches screamin' like Jodeci's back
I call the front desk for condoms, sayin' they ain't got none
The way that I'm respondin', she know that we black, nigga
Jodeci's back
Fuckin' hoes like Jodeci's back
I paint pictures and flip words
Nigga woulda thought Def Poetry back
Comin' off the last record, I'm gettin' 20 million off the record
Just to off these records, nigga that's a record
I'm livin' like I'm out here on my last adventure
Past the present when you have to mention
This is nothin' for the radio, but they'll still play it though
Cause it's that new Drizzy Drake, that's just the way it go
Heavy airplay all day with no chorus
We keep it thorough, nigga, rap like this for all of my borough niggas
I reached the point where don't shit matter to me, nigga
I reached heights that Dwight Howard couldn't reach, nigga
Prince Akeem, they throw flowers at my feet, nigga
I could go a hour on this beat, nigga
I'm just as famous as my mentor
But that's still the boss, don't get sent for
Get hype on tracks and jump in front of a bullet you wasn't meant for
Cause you don't really wanna hear me vent more
Hot temper, scary outcome
Here's a reason for niggas that's hatin' without one
That always let they mouth run
Bench players talkin' like starters, I hate it
Started from the bottom, now we here, nigga, we made it
Yeah, Tom Ford tuscan leather smelling like a brick
Degenerates, but even Ellen love our shit
Rich enough that I don't have to tell 'em that I'm rich
Self explanatory, you just here to spread the story, wassup
Sittin' Gucci Row like they say up at UNLV
Young rebel, young money nothin' you could tell me
Paperwork takin' too long, maybe they don't understand me
I'll compromise if I have to, I gotta stay with the family
Not even talkin' to Nicki, communication is breakin'
I dropped the ball on some personal shit, I need to embrace it
I'm honest, I make mistakes, I'd be the second to admit it
Think that's why I need her in my life, to check me when I'm trippin'
On a mission tryna shift the culture
Tell me who dissin', I got some things that'll hit the culprit
Them strep throat flows, them shits to stop all of the talkin'
All of the talkin', got one reply for all of your comments
Fuck what you think, I'm too busy, that's why you leave a message
Born a perfectionist, guess that makes me a bit obsessive
That shit I heard from you lately really relieved some pressure
Like aye, B I got your CD, you get an E for effort
I piece letters together and get to talkin' reckless
I don't change like credentials, you know you see the necklace
My life's a completed checklist
I'm tired of hearin' 'bout who you checkin' for now
Just give it time, we'll see who's still around a decade from now
That's real
How much time is this nigga spendin' on the intro?
Lately I've been feelin' like Guy Pearce in Memento
I just set the bar, niggas fall under it like a limbo
The family all that matters, I'm just out here with my kinfolk
Off everything my pen wrote we went from bundy to winslow
This for shorty up on glen grove who love when I catch my tempo
I sip the Pora and listen to Cappadonna
The fresh prince just had dinner with Tatyana, no lie
All these 90's fantasies on my mind
The difference is that with mine, they all come true in due time
I might come through without security to check if you're fine
That's just me on my solo like fuck it, like YOLO
Wanted to tell you, "accept yourself"
You don't have to prove shit to no one except yourself
And if you end up needin' some extra help, then I could help
You know, back on your feet and shit
Tryna get my karma up, fuck the guilty and greedy shit
How much time is this nigga spendin' on the intro?
How this nigga workin' like he got a fuckin' twin though?
Life is soundin' crazy, 40 on Martin Scorcese
And I wouldn't change a thing if you paid me, now real nigga wassup
How much time is this nigga spendin' on the intro?
As hell below, I'll see you when you get there
Are you enjoying yourself?
If we may we'd just like to close off with something a bit inspirational
Hopefully something a bit relevant as to us all
Are having the same fears, shedding similar tears
And of course dying in so many years
It don't mean that we can't have a good life
So we'd like to just maybe close out with something, some food for thought
What's up? Been a minute since we kicked it, you've been caught up
With them bitches, I don't get it, you're a star love
You shouldn't have to deal with that, I'd never make you feel like that
'Cause I love me, I love me enough for the both of us
That's why you trust me, I know you've been through more than most of us
So what are you? What are you, what are you so afraid of?
Darling you, you give but you cannot take love
Yeah I needed to hear that shit, I hate when you're submissive
Passive aggressive when we're texting, I feel the distance
I look around the peers that surround me, these niggas tripping
I like when money makes a difference but don't make you different
Started realizing a couple places I can take it
I want to get back to when I was that kid in the basement
I want to take it deeper than money, pussy, vacation
And influence a generation that's lacking in patience
I've been dealing with my dad, speaking a lack of patience
Just me and my old man getting back to basics
We've been talking 'bout the future and time that we wasted
When he put that bottle down, girl that nigga's amazing
Well, fuck it, we had a couple Coronas
We might have rolled a white paper, just something to hold us
We even talked about you and our couple of moments
He said we should hash it out like a couple of grown ups
You a flower child, beautiful child, I'm in your zone
Looking like you came from the 70's on your own
My mother is 66 and her favorite line to hit me with is
Who the fuck wants to be 70 and alone?
Y'all don't even know what you want from love anymore
I search for something I'm missing and disappear when I'm bored
But girl, what qualities was I looking for before?
Who you settling for? Who better for you than the boy, hah?
I love me, I love me enough for the both of us
That's why you trust me, I know you been through more than most of us
So what are you? What are you, what are you so afraid of?
Darling you, you give but you cannot take love
Thinking 'bout Texas back when Porsche used to work at Treasures
Or further back then that, before I had the Houston leverage
When I got Summer a Michael Kors with my momma's debit
A weak attempt at flexing, I'll never forget it
'Cause that night I played her three songs
Then we talked about something we disagreed on
Then she started telling me how I'll never be as big as Trey Songz
Boy was she wrong, that was just negative energy for me to feed off
Now it's therapeutic blowing money in a galleria
Or Beverly Center Macy's where I discovered Bria
Landmarks to the 'muses that inspired the music
When I could tell it was sincere without trying to prove it
The one that I needed was Kourtney from Hooters on P Street
I've always been feeling like she was the piece to complete me
Now she engaged to be married, what's the rush on commitment?
Know we were going through some shit, name a couple that isn't
Remember our talk in the parking lot at the Ritz
Girl I thought we had it all planned out, guess I fucked up the vision
Learning the true consequences of my selfish decisions
When you find out how I'm living I just hope I'm forgiven
It seems like you don't want this love anymore
I'm acting out in the open it's hard for you to ignore
But girl, what qualities was I looking for before?
Who you settling for, who better for you than the boy, huh?
I love me, I love me enough for the both of us
That's why you trust me, I know you been through more than most of us
So what are you? What are you, what are you so afraid of?
Darling you, you give but you cannot take love
"Been Bocka AKA Not Nice from Timegiene been a East Side ting,
Scarborough ting from time, G,
Been have up di ting dem from time, G.
So I don't know what's wrong with these lil waste mans out here eh,
Y'all need to know yourself."
Yeah, this on some "old Tommy Campos Dice Raw" shit
For my niggas, though
You underestimated greatly
Most number ones ever, how long did it really take me
The part I love most is they need me more than they hate me
So they never take shots, I got everybody on safety
I could load every gun with bullets that fire backwards
You probably wouldn't lose a single rapper
Niggas make threats, can't hear 'em over the laughter
Yeah, that's cause I'm headed to the bank, nigga
Sinatra lifestyle, I'm just being Frank with you
I mean, where you think she at when she ain't with you
Wildin', doin' shit that's way out of your budget
Owl sweaters inside her luggage, you gotta love it
Damn, this shit could go on a tape
Bitches lovin' my drive, I never give it a break
Give these niggas the look, the verse, and even the hook
That's why every song sound like Drake featuring Drake
Straight, Y pree? Why is it always me?
Got us watchin' our words like there's wire taps on the team
Cause I show love, never get the same outta niggas
Guess it's funny how money can make change outta niggas
For real
Some nobody started feelin' himself
A couple somebodies started killin' themself
A couple albums dropped, those are still on the shelf
I bet them shits would have popped if I was willin' to help
I got a gold trophy from the committee for validation
Bad press during the summer over allegations
I ain't lyin', my nigga, my time is money
That's why I ain't got time for a nigga who's time is comin'
A lot of niggas PR stuntin' like that's the movement
And I'm the only nigga still known for the music
I swear, fuck them niggas this year
I made Forbes list, nigga
Fuck your list, everything's lookin' gorgeous
Without me, rap is just a bunch of orphans
But if I stay in the shit, there's a bunch of corpses
And me and my dread nigga from New Orleans
Stashin' money like hoarders off multi-platinum recordings
Eat it like I'm seated at Swish, Sotto, and Joso's
Nothing Was The Same, this shit for Easy and Cocoa
This shit for Kareem, this shit for Jaevon
This shit for Julius, Milly Mill
Boy we do this shit for real
All them boys in my will
All them boys is my Wills
Anything happen to pop and I got you like Uncle Phil
Weezy been on that edge, you niggas just need to chill
If anything happen to papi, might pop a nigga for real
Comin' live from the screwface, livin' out a suitcase
But I'm feelin' good, Johnny got me pushin' two plates
My weight up, I refuse to wait up, I started a new race
It's funny when you think a nigga blew up after Lupe
Niggas treat me like I've been here for ten
Some niggas been here for a couple, never been here again
I'm on my King James shit, I'm tryin' to win here again
A young nigga tryin' to win here again
Man, what's up
Yeah, a young nigga tryin' to win here again
If I like her, I just fly her to the city I'm in
I got her drinkin' with your boy
I got her fucked up, shorty, aw yeah
We had the type of nights where morning comes too soon
And nothing was the same
Watch me, going out of the way
When I should've went home
Only time of the day I get to spend on my own
I was trippin' off how I used to sleep at ya crib,
Should drive by right where you live, and pick you up on the way
We ain't spoke in so long, probably put me in the past
I can still get you wet and I can still make you laugh
You should call into work if that ain't too much to ask
I could pour you up a drink and we can burn something
Come thru, come thru, come thru, come thru
Girl you know we got thangs to do
Girl you know we got thangs to do
So get your ass in that car and come thru
Come thru, come thru, come thru, come thru
Girl you know we got thangs to do
Girl you know we got thangs to do
So get your ass in that car and come thru
Last night I brought DOA to the studio
They already had a stage and a booty pole
Its supposed to be a lot of hard working going on
But who the fuck can focus with this twerkin' going on
Someone put a order in for a chicken (For a chicken)
Told my girl to order in, I need the kitchen (Need the kitchen)
Yeah they know I got the hook-up, they just wait on me to cook up
Baby I heat up the stove, you do the dishes ya know?
Rap game, Crack game, ain't that different ya know?
Last album had it booming something vicious ya know?
And ya know I need ya back in my life
Girl ya know ya got that, know ya got that thing that I like
Girl you got that thing for real
When I was on a mission to make it
Who used to sleep on the floor with you when you lived in the basement?
Who else got all the things you need at 4am when it's late?
I always pour you up a drink and let you burn something
Come thru, come thru, come thru, come thru
Girl you know we got thangs to do
Girl you know we got thangs to do
So get your ass in that car and come thru
Come thru, come thru, come thru, come thru
Girl you know we got thangs to do
Girl you know we got thangs to do
So get your ass in that car and come thru
Why has it been so long? Why has it been so long?
Why has it been? (Why has it been so long?) Why has it been?
Who you been crying to? (Why has it been so long?) Who you been flying to?
Who's bed are you sleeping in? (Why has it been so long?) Someone's been hiding you
(Why has it been so long?) Where have you been?
(Why has it been so long?) You deserve rounds tonight, come thru girl you deserve rounds tonight
(Why has it been so long?) Come thru girl you deserve rounds tonight
(Why has it been so long?) Come thru girl you deserve rounds tonight
(Why has it been so long?) Rounds tonight oh, come thru girl you deserve rounds tonight
(Why has it been so long?) Come thru girl you deserve rounds tonight
(Why has it been so long?) Come thru girl you deserve rounds tonight
[Hook]
Started from the bottom now we're here
Started from the bottom now my whole team fucking here
Started from the bottom now we're here
Started from the bottom now the whole team here, nigga
Started from the bottom now we're here
Started from the bottom now my whole team here, nigga
Started from the bottom now we're here
Started from the bottom now the whole team fucking here
[Verse 1]
I done kept it real from the jump
Living at my mamas house we'd argue every month
Nigga, I was trying to get it on my own
Working all night, traffic on the way home
And my uncle calling me like "Where ya at?
I gave you the keys told ya bring it right back
Nigga, I just think its funny how it goes
Now Im on the road, half a million for a show
And we...
[Hook]
[Verse 2]
Boys tell stories about the man
Say I never struggled, wasn't hungry, yeah, I doubt it, nigga
I could turn your boy into the man
There ain't really much out here that's poppin' off without us, nigga
We just want the credit where it's due
Ima worry about me, give a fuck about you
Nigga, just as a reminder to myself
I wear every single chain, even when Im in the house
Cause we...
[Hook]
[Bridge]
No new niggas, nigga we dont feel that
Fuck a fake friend, where your real friends at?
We dont like to do too much explaining
Story stays the same, I never changed it
No new niggas, nigga we dont feel that
Fuck a fake friend, where you real friends at?
We dont like to do too much explaining
Story stay the same through the money and the fame
Cause we...
[Hook]
Versace, Versace, Medusa head on me like I'm 'Luminati
This is a gated community
Please get the fuck off the property
Rap must be changing 'cause
I'm at the top and ain't no one on top of me
Niggas be wanting a verse for a verse
But man that's not a swap to me
Drowning in compliments
Pool in the backyard that look like Metropolis
I think I'm sellin' a million first week
Man I guess I'm an optimist
Born in Toronto but sometimes I feel like Atlanta adopted us
What the fuck is you talkin' 'bout?
Saw this shit comin' like I had binoculars
Boy, Versace, Versace
We stay at the mansion when we in Miami
The pillows' Versace, the sheets are Versace, I just won a Grammy
I've been so quiet, I got the world like
"What the fuck is he planning?"
Just make sure that you got a back up plan
'Cause that shit might come in handy
Started a label, the album is comin'
September, just wait on it
This year I'm eating your food
And my table got so many plates on it
Hundred inch TV at my house
I sit back like "damn I look great on it"
I do not fuck with your new shit
My nigga, don't ask for my take on it
Speakin' in lingo, man this for my nigga that trap out the bando
This for my niggas that call up Fernando to move a piano
Fuck all your feelin's
'Cause business is business, its strictly financial
I'm always the first one to get it
Man that's how you lead by example
Versace, Versace, Versace, Versace, Versace, Versace
Word to New York
'Cause the Dyckman and Heights girls are callin' me "Papi"
I'm all on the low, take a famous girl out with me, no paparazzi
I'm trying give Halle Berry a baby and no one can stop me
Versace, Versace, Versace, Versace
Versace, Versace, Versace, Versace
Versace, Versace Versace, Versace Versace
Versace, Versace Versace, Versace Versace
Versace, Versace, Medusa head on me like I'm 'Luminati
I know that you like it, Versace
My neck and my wrist is so sloppy
Versace, Versace, I love it, Versace the top of my Audi
My plug, he John Gotti
He give me the dozen, I know that they're mighty
Shoes and shirt Versace, your bitch want in on my pockets
She ask me why my drawers silk, I told that bitch "Versace"
Cheetah print on my sleeve, but I ain't ever been in the jungle
Try to take my sack, better run with it, nigga don't fumble
Versace, Versace, Versace, Versace
Versace, Versace, Versace, Versace
Versace, Versace Versace, Versace Versace
Versace, Versace Versace, Versace Versace
You can do Truey, I do it Versace
You copped the Honda, I copped the Mazi
You smoke the mid, I smoke exotic
I set the trend, you niggas copy
Kick in the door like I work at Hibachi
Look at the watch, blow it, hot like some Taki
Come in my room, my sheet Versace
When I go to sleep, I dream Versace
Medusa, Medusa, Medusa
You niggas they wishin' they knew yah
They coppin' the Truey, remixing the Louis
My blunts is fat as Rasputia
Feet and same shirt like I'm Tony the Tiger
I'm beating the pot, call me Michael
Lot of you niggas that copy
Look at my closet Versace, Versace
Versace, Versace, Versace, Versace
Versace, Versace, Versace, Versace
Versace, Versace Versace, Versace Versace
Versace, Versace Versace, Versace Versace
King of Versace, Medusa my wifey
My car is Versace, I got stripes on my Mazi
I'm dressin' so nicely they can't even copy
You'd think I'm Egyptian, this gold on my body
Money my mission, two bitches, they kissin'
My diamonds is pissing, my swag is exquisite
No offset no preacher but you niggas listen
Them blue and white diamonds, they look like the Pistons
Codeine sippin, Versace I'm gripping them bands in my pocket
You know that I'm living
I'm draped up in gold, but no Pharaoh
Rockin' handcuffs, that's Ferragamo
Bricks by the boat, overload
I think I'm the don, but no Rocco
This the life that I chose,
Bought out the store, can't go back no more
Versace my clothes while I'm selling them bows
Versace took over, it took out my soul
Versace, Versace, Versace, Versace
Versace, Versace, Versace, Versace
Versace, Versace Versace, Versace Versace
Versace, Versace Versace, Versace Versace
I got my eyes on you,
You're everything that I see
I want your hot love and emotion, endlessly
I can't get over you,
You left your mark on me
I want your high love and emotion, endlessly
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it
You act so different around me
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it
I know exactly who you could be
Just hold on we're going home
Just hold on we're going home
It's hard to do these things alone
Just hold on we're going home, ho oh
I got my eyes on you,
You're everything that I see
I want your hot love and emotion, endlessly
I can't get over you,
You left your mark on me
I want your high love and emotion, endlessly
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it
You act so different around me
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it
I know exactly who you could be
So just hold on we're going home (goin' home)
Just hold on we're going home (goin' home)
It's hard to do these things alone (things alone)
Just hold on we're going home (goin' home)
Ho oh (goin' home)
You're the girl
You're the one
Gave you every
Thing I love
I think there's something
Baby
I think there's something
Baby
You're the girl,
You're the one
Gave you every
Thing I love
I think there's something
Baby
I think there's something
Baby
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it
You act so different around me
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it
I know exactly who you could be
Oh just hold on we're going home (goin' home)
Just hold on we're going home (goin' home)
It's hard to do these things alone (things alone)
Just hold on we're going home (goin' home)
Ho oh (goin' home)
(Hold on, hold on)
(Hold on)
Own It
It's yours
Yours
You're still the one that I adore
Ain't much out there to have feelings for
Guess who's it is? Guess who's it is?
Guess who's it is? Guess who's it is?
Yours
A few bottles on the table, a few waters
It ain't a secret, baby, everybody saw us
Guess who's it is? Guess who's it is?
Guess who's it is?
It's yours
Next time we fuck, I don't want to fuck, I want to make love
Next time we talk, I don't want to just talk, I want to trust
Next time I stand tall I want to be standing for you
And next time I spend I want it all to be for you
Peaking, I'm peaking, wake up with me this weekend, weekend
Guess who's it is?
Guess who's it is? Guess who's it is?
It's yours
Own it
I said go own that shit
Own that shit, own that shit
Own that shit, go own that shit
Own that shit, own that shit
Own that shit, own that shit
Go own that shit
Own it
I said go own that shit
Own that shit, own that shit
Own that shit, go own that shit
Own that shit, own that shit
Own that shit, own that shit
Go own that shit
Niggas talk more than bitches these days
Just let that shit sink in
Niggas talk more than bitches these days
Who could get the pussy quicker these days
Still straight with the weed and the liquor these days
Cause the new drugs got the kids trippin' these days
Bunch of journalists been searchin' for a story
My ex-girl been searchin' for a "sorry"
Couple bitches tryin' to have me on the Maury like nigga it's yours
You should be supportin' but where you been at? On tour, gettin' money
Y'all don't even really check for me
You ain't even hit me when that nigga had threats for me
Girl, you don't love me, you just say that shit to get to me
Girl, cause you got the Batphone in my workline
You should call it
When the last time you did something for the first time?
You have done it all, swear to God
Niggas talk more than bitches these days
Got you thinkin' I'm different these days
Broken telephone for every single conversation
By the time it gets to you, shit switches these days
It's yours, it's your, it's yours, it's always gonna be yours
Own it
It's yours, yeah
It's yours, own it
Own It
Own It
Own It
Own It
Baby, own it
It's yours
Own that shit, own that shit
Own that shit
Drop down, drop-drop
Shit is real out here
Drop down, drop-drop
Drop-drop down, drop-drop, get it
Get it, drop down, drop-drop
Ooh, 305 to my city
I get it, I get it
I get it, I get it, I swear that I get it, I get it, I get it
We did it, we did it
We did it, we did it
We so far from finished I brought you right back just so we can relive it
I get it, I get it
I get it, I get it
Your hustle don't ever go unnoticed baby, I'm with you, I'm with it
I get it, I get it
I get it, I get it
Get it, I get it
They don't work hard as you, damn that's so crazy
At the end of the night when you count, numbers don't lie to my baby
Locker room full of money, girl you just did it!
I get it, I get it, man fuck all that talking, take shots to the kidney
Down payment on the Jaguar, your roommate got credit
12 months on the lease, that's a come up baby don't you ever forget it
Connections are heavy, every real nigga they fuck with you
Now shit down in diamonds, you sparkle but fuck man is sparklin' enough for you?
Ooh, 305 to my city
I get it, I get it
I get it, I get it, I swear that I get it, I get it, I get it
We did it, we did it
We did it, we did it
We so far from finished I brought you right back just so we can relive it
I get it, I get it
I get it, I get i
Your hustle don't ever go unnoticed baby, I'm with you, I'm with it
I get it, I get it
I get it, I get it
Get it, I get it
Tonight was your night, go get you some lobsters and shrimp
You smart and you know it, I get it, I get it you outdo these pimps
I hope you don't fall, that's you on the top of the ceiling
Don't you ever forget 'bout your story, I get it, you did it, you did it
Got a link on the champagne, your best friend is bar-tending
Your parents sayin' this another phase in your life they can't wait until it's all finished
Shine on them hoes, let 'em know that you run shit
I get it I get it, I'm workin' too hard let's get into some fun shit
281 to my city, heard you had trouble at customs
Your girl got a DUI, I'll make the calls to get y'all through customs
Tell your best friend, "Girl get your paperwork right"
I get it, I get it, what's up for the night?
Ooh, 305 to my city
I get it, I get it
I get it, I get it, I swear that I get it, I get it, I get it
We just did it, we did it
We did it, we did it
We so far from finished I brought you right back just so we can relive it
Your momma used to live at the church on Sunday
You just go to LIV after church on Sunday
Oh Lord, oh Lord we're not in Kansas anymore
We're not in Kansas anymore
"Good God Almighty, like back in the old days
You know, years ago they had the A&R; men to tell you what to play
How to play it and you know whether it's disco and rock
But um, we just went in the studio and we did it
We had champagne in the studio, of course, you know
Compliments of the company, and we just laid back and did it
So we hope you enjoy listening to this album half as much
As we enjoyed playing it for you, because we had a ball
Only real music is gonna last
All the other bullshit is here today and gone tomorrow"
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M. get the money, dolla-dolla bill y'all
After hours of Il Mulino
Or Sotto Sotto, just talkin' about women and vino
The contract like '91 Dan Marino
I swear this got Michael Rapino boostin' my ego
Overly focused, it's far from the time to rest now
Debates growing 'bout who they think is the best now
Took a while, got the jokers out of the deck now
I'm holdin' all the cards and niggas wanna play chess now
I hear you talkin', say it twice so I know you meant it
Fuck it, I don't even tint it, they should know who's in it
I'm authentic, real name, no gimmicks
No game, no scrimmage, I ain't playin' with you niggas at all
My classmates, they went on to be chartered accountants
Or work with their parents, but thinkin' back on how they treated me
My high school reunion might be worth an appearance
Make everybody have to go through security clearance
Tables turn, bridges burn, you live and learn
With the ink, I could murder word to my nigga Irv
Yeah, I swear shit just started clickin' dog
You know it's real when you are who you think you are
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M. get the money, dolla-dolla bill y'all
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M. get the money, dolla-dolla bill y'all
Uh, I had Benzes 'fore you had braces
The all black Maybach but I'm not a racist
Inside's whiter than Katy Perry's face is
Yellow diamonds in my Jess
I just might learn to speak Mandarin
Japanese for the yen that I'm handlin'
International Hov, that's my handle
My saint's Sean Don, light a candle
El Gran Santo on the mantle
'Case y'all didn't know, I speak Spanish too
Shoutout to Worldwide Wes
Everywhere we go we leave a worldwide mess
Yes, still Roc La Familia
Says a lot about you if you not feelin' us
The homie said "Hov, there ain't many of us"
I told him less is more, nigga it's plenty of us
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M. get the money, dolla-dolla bill y'all
Cake, cake-cake, cake-cake, cake
500 million, I got a pound cake
Niggas is frontin', that's upside-down cake
Get 'em a red nose, they clown cakes
They shoulda never let you 'round cake
Look at my neck, I got a carrot cake
Now here's the icing on the cake
Cake, cake-cake, cake-cake
Uh I'm just gettin' started, oh yeah we got it bitch
I've done made more millionaires than the lotto did
Dame made millions, Bigg made millions
Ye made millions, Just made millions
Lyor made millions, Cam made millions
Beans tell you if he wasn't in his feelings
I'm back in my bag
My eyes bloodshot but my jet don't lag
A pair of Jordan 3's tryna chase this cash
Gucci air bag just in case we crash
Uh, last night was mad trill
I'm fresh out of Advil, Jesus grab the wheel
Yeah uh, look, fuck all that happy to be here shit that y'all want me on
I'm the big homie, they still be tryna lil' bro me dog
Like I should fall in line, like I should alert niggas
When I'm 'bout to drop somethin' crazy and I say I'm the greatest of my generation
Like I should be dressin' different
Like I should be less aggressive and pessimistic
Like I should be way more nervous and less dismissive
Like I should be on my best behavior
And not talk my shit and do it major like the niggas who paved the way for us
Like I didn't study the game to the letter
And understand that I'm not doin' it the same, man, I'm doin' it better
Like I didn't make that clearer this year
Like I should feel, I don't know, guilty for saying that
They should put a couple more mirrors in here so I can stare at myself
These are usually just some thoughts that I would share with myself
But I thought "Fuck it"
It's worth it to share 'em with someone else more than Paris for once
I text her from time to time, she a mom now
I guess sometimes life forces us to calm down
I told her she could live with me if she need to
I got a compound but I think she's straight
Cause she supported since Hot Beats right before Wayne came
And got me out of the backroom where I was rapping with Jas over beats I shouldn't have in the hopes for the glory
He walked right past in the hallway 3 months later I'm his artist
He probably wouldn't remember that story
But that shit stick with me
Always couldn't believe when he called me
You never know, it could happen to you
And I just spent four Ferraris all on a brand new Bugatti
And did that shit cause it's something to do, yeah
I guess its just who I became dog
Nothing was the same dog
Yeah, isn't it amazing how you talk all this shit and we still lack communication
How beautiful our kids will be, girl, I don't need convincing
How every conversation starts with "this time will be different" oh
Oh the idea's fun
Oh the idea's fun
Oh the idea is so fun every time
At least we try for home run every time
Swangin', eyes closed just swangin'
Same city, same friends if you're looking for me
Same city, same friends if you're looking
I'll be here just swangin'
Don't talk to me like I'm famous
And don't assume 'cause I don't expect assumptions babe
I'm just tryna connect with somethin' babe, yeah swangin' eh
She just wanna run around the city and make memories that she can barely remember
And I'd allow her, talk about pussy power
Yea she just wanna run over my feelings
Like she drinkin' and drivin' in an 18 wheeler and I'd allow her,
Talk about pussy power
She used to say "You can be whoever you want, even yourself"
Yeah, I show up knowin' exactly who I was and never leave as myself
But when it falls apart, I'm always still down
To pick a million tiny little pieces off the ground
'Cause you would learn to love people and use things and not the other way around
Swangin', eyes closed just swangin'
Same city, same friends if you're looking for me
Same city, same friends if you're looking
I'll be here just swangin' eh
Don't talk to me like I'm famous eh
And don't assume cause I don't expect assumptions babe
I'm just tryna connect with somethin' babe I'll be here just swangin'
I remember when my schedule was as flexible as she is
She call and tell me be here before the sun up I be dressed before we hung up
I take Eglinton to 401 east and
Exit at Markham road in the east end
Where all the pretty girls are sleeping
My license been expired I renew it after the weekend
Fuck I know I said that shit the last 7 weekends
Girl I guess procrastination is my weakness
I hate stoppin' for gas this late 'cause this nigga's creepin' and I like how we're creepin'
Summer is comin' know you could feel it
20 on pump whatever I ain't got enough to fill it
Won't knock on your door
My uncle say, "You drive my whip like it's yours"
I got the pedal to the floor
I'm on my motherfuckin' way swangin'
Don't fall asleep on me, hang in there
I'll be there just swangin'
I'll be there just swangin'
I treat you good girl like you're famous
I know I'm late it's always the same shit
But don't fall asleep on me, hang in there
I'm on the road right now swangin, girl
I just love when I'm with you, yeah, this shit is on ten
We used to be friends, girl, and even back then
You would look at me with no hesitation and you'd tell me baby, it's yours
Nobody else's, yeah, this shit belong to nobody, it's yours
Nobody else's, yeah, this shit belong to nobody and that
What made me think about the game, girl
And how I switched it up with a new thang
Young nigga came through on his Wu-Tang
And nowadays when I ask about who got it, they say it's yours
Nobody else's, yeah, this shit belong to nobody, it's yours
Nobody else's, yeah, this shit belong to nobody, it's yours
It's yours, that's for sure
How you feel about, coming home with a, nigga for the night?
If you nervous, hit the lights, I know we only fucking out of spite
Cause your man don't do you right, do you right, I could fuck you so good
Then I hit you with the 9 a.m. in Dallas who you like, baby, who you like
Machine gun raps for all my niggas in the back
Stadium packed, just glad to see the city on the map
I just gave the city life, it ain't about who did it first
It's about who did it right, niggas looking like "Preach"
Open cases on me for a half a million each
I find peace knowing that it's harder in the streets
I know, luckily I didn't have to grow there
I would only go there cause there's niggas that I know there
I don't know what's getting into me
I just like the rush when you see your enemy somewhere in the club
And you realize he just not in a position to reciprocate your energy
You ain't ever worried cause he's not who he pretends to be
People like Mazin who was a best friend to me
Start to become a distant memory
Things change in that life and this life started lacking synergy
And fucking with me mentally, I think it's meant to be
Paranoid, always rolling with my mothafuckin' boys
But you gotta understand when it's yours
They don't really leave your ass with a mothafuckin' choice, man
I just love when I'm with you, yeah, this shit is on ten
We used to be friends, girl, and even back then
You would look at me with no hesitation and you'd tell me baby, it's yours
Nobody else's, yeah, this shit belong to nobody, it's yours
Nobody else's, yeah, this shit belong to nobody and that
What made me think about the game, girl
And how I switched it up with a new thang
Young nigga came through on his Wu-Tang
And nowadays when I ask about who got it, they say it's yours
Nobody else's, yeah, this shit belong to nobody, it's yours
Nobody else's, yeah, this shit belong to nobody, it's yours
It's yours, that's for sure
Yeah
Had hit records on my demo
Did y'all boys not get the memo
I do not stay at the Intercontinental
And anything I got is not a rental, I own that mothafucka
Figured out this shit, it's simple
My stock been going up like a crescendo
A bunch of handshakes from the fakes
But nigga I do not want to be friends though
I told y'all mofuckers, man, this sh-t is not a love song
This is a fuck a stripper on a mink rug song
This a fuck them boys forever, hold a grudge song
Pop some fucking champagne in the tub song
Nigga "just because" song
What's the move?
Can I tell truth? If I was doing this for you
Then I have nothing left to prove, nah
This for me, though
I'm just tryna stay alive and take care of my people
And they don't have no award for that
Trophies
Trophies
And they don't have no award for that
Shit don't come with trophies, ain't no envelopes to open
I just do it 'cause I'm 'sposed to, nigga
Bitch I go to Dreams with a suitcase
I got my whole country on a new wave
She like, "I heard all your niggas stay where you stay"
House so big I haven't seen them boys in two days
Bitch, I use a walkie talkie just to get a beverage
I saw my parents split up right after the wedding
That taught my ass to stay committed, fuck the credit
Bitch check the numbers, I'm the one who really get it
I told y'all mo'fuckas, man, this shit is not a love song
This a doing me and only God can judge song
I do not know what the fuck you thought it was song
Pop some fucking champagne in the tub song
Nigga, "just because" song
Got everything, I got everything
I cannot complain, I cannot
I don't even know how much I really made, I forgot, it's a lot
Fuck that, never mind what I got, nigga don't watch that cause I
Came up, that's all me, stay true, that's all me
No help, that's all me, all me for real
Came up, that's all me, stay true, that's all me
No help, that's all me, all me for real
Money on my mind, you should think the same, J's on, pinky ring
Dogging these hoes, I need quarantine, in the same league, but we don't ball the same
(Ah) She want all the fame, I hear that shit all the time
She said she love me, I said, "Baby girl, fall in line"
Okay, made a million, off a dinner fork, watch me switch it up
Walked in, "Ill nigga alert! Ill nigga alert!"
You need that work, I got that work, got bitches in my condo
Just bought a shirt that cost a Mercedes-Benz car note
From the A to Toronto, we let the metal go off
And my dick so hard it make the metal detector go off
This that sauce, this that dressing, Givenchy, nigga God bless you
If having a bad bitch was a crime, I'd be arrested (Truu)
Got everything, I got everything
I cannot complain, I cannot
I don't even know how much I really made, I forgot, it's a lot
Fuck that, never mind what I got, nigga don't watch that cause I
Came up, that's all me, stay true, that's all me
No help, that's all me, all me for real
Came up, that's all me, stay true, that's all me
No help, that's all me, all me for real
I touched down in '86, knew I was a man by the age of 6
I even fucked the girl that used to babysit
But that was years later on some crazy shit
I heard your new shit, nigga hated it, Damon Wayans, homie don't play that shit
I get paid a lot, you get paid a bit, and my latest shit is like a greatest hits
God damn, ain't no wishing over on this side
Y'all don't fuck with us, then we don't fuck with y'all
It's no different over on this side
God damn, should I listen to everybody or myself?
Cause myself just told myself, "You're the motherfucking man, you don't need no help"
Cashing checks and I'm bigging up my chest, y'all keep talking 'bout who next
But I'm about as big as it gets, I swear y'all just wasting y'all breath
I'm the light skinned Keith Sweat, I'mma make it last forever
It's not your turn 'cause I ain't done yet
Look, just understand that I'm on a roll like Cottonelle
I was made for all of this shit
And I'm on the road box office sales, I'm getting paid for all of this shit
Ask you to please excuse my table manners, I was making room for the table dancers
Cause if we judging off your advances, I just got paid like eight advances
God damn!
Got everything, I got everything
I cannot complain, I cannot
I don't even know how much I really made, I forgot, it's a lot
Fuck that, never mind what I got, nigga don't watch that cause I
Came up, that's all me, stay true, that's all me
No help, that's all me, all me for real
Came up, that's all me, stay true, that's all me
Ho, shut the fuck up!
I got way too much on my mental, I learn from what I've been through
I'm finna do what I didn't do and still waking up like the rent's due
Not complicated, it's simple, I got sexy ladies, a whole Benz-full
And to them hoes I'm everything, everything but gentle
But I still take my time, man, I guess I'm just old fashioned
Wearing retro shit, that's old fashion
Nigga, see what I'm saying, no closed caption
I paint pics, see the shit, good sex, need to hit
Keep a broad on the floor year 'round like season tickets
I plead the fifth, drink a fifth
Load the nine, leave you split, in the half, smoke a half, need a zip
My new girl is on Glee and shit, probably making more money than me and shit
I swear to God I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one
I got 99 problems, getting rich ain't one
Like I got trust issues, I'm sorry for the people I've pushed out
I'm the type to have a bullet-proof condom and still gotta pull out
But that's just me, and I ain't perfect, I ain't a saint but I am worth it
If it's one thing, I am worth it, niggas still hating but it ain't working
Lil' bitch
Worst
Mufucka never loved us
Fucka never loved us
You ain't know, now you know now
Still at it, scrub J's with a toothbrush
Shit, niggas still playin' my old shit
But your shit is like the police asking us questions
Nigga we don't know shit
Flexin', nigga I'm just flexin'
Nigga never loved us
Do it look like we stressin'?
Look at you, look at you, and look at you
I'm glad that they chose us
Cause man it's a mission, tryna fight to the finish
Just to see 'em all finish
[Hook]
On my worst behavior, no?
They used to never want to hear us, remember?
Mufucka never loved us, remember?
Mufucka, remember?
Mufucka never loved us
I'm on my worst behavior
Don't you ever get it fucked up
Mufuckas never loved us
Man, mufuckas never loved us
Worst behavior
Mufuckas never loved us
Fucka never loved us
Worst behavior
[Verse 2]
Hold up, hold my phone
Mufuckas never loved us
Fucka never loved us
Now you want to roll one
Mufucka never loved us
So everywhere we go now, full cup
Always hated the boy, but now the boy is the man
Mufucka, I done grown up
You know me, you know me
I'm liable to do anything when it comes to that you owe me
You owe me, you owe me
Bitch you better have my money when I come for that shit like O.D.B.
[Hook]
On my worst behavior, no?
They used to never want to hear us, remember?
Mufucka never loved us, remember?
Mufucka, remember?
Mufucka never loved us
I'm on my worst behavior
Don't you ever get it fucked up
Mufuckas never loved us
Man, mufuckas never loved us
Worst behavior
Mufuckas never loved us
Fucka never loved us
Worst behavior
[Verse 3]
Who's hot, who not
Tell me who rock, who sell out in stores
You tell me who flop, who copped the new drop
Whose jewels got rocks, who else makin' rap albums
Doing numbers like it's pop? Same old pimp
Drake you know ain't nothing changed with these funny style niggas
We done put out of the game
I just ask for some blessings at my grandmother's grave
And it's back to L.A. open the mail, starin' at the check
Enough to make you throw up, man it's gross what I net
I'm with my whole set, tennis matches at the crib
I swear I could beat Serena when she playin' with her left
Oh, where I reside it look like a resort inside
Nigga, where your shit from? I imported mine
Bar mitzvah money like my last name Mordecai
Fuck you bitch, I'm more than high
My momma probably hear that and be mortified
This ain't the son you raised who used to take the Acura
5 a.m. then go and shoot Degrassi up on Morningside
For all the stuntin', I'll forever be immortalized
Yeah, back and forth across the border line
Hate to leave the city, but I've got to do the overtime
Gone all the time, even the important times
I should let you know ahead I'm comin' back on my worst behavior
[Outro]
Remember?
Remember?
Mufucka
Remember?
Hold up, hold my phone, they used to never want to hear us
Remember?
Mufucka never loved us
Remember?
Mufucka
Remember?
Worst behavior
The only thing I'm seeing I'd like to put an amend on,
Perhaps a little more room here for the fixins.
You know what I'm talkin' bout?
Ooh, we gon' have a lot of fixins.
We gonna have so many fucking fixins up in this motherfuckers,
This shit gon' go through the roof (ooh)
God damn I'm shittin' gold these days
Soulja Boy, Drake
Oh, we made it
Turn me up just a little bit in the headphone
Worldwide
International
Nigga we made it, aye
We made it
Nigga we made it, aye
Damn, we made it
Nigga we made it, aye
We made it, aye
Nigga we made it, aye
We made it
Yeah
She said she workin' for Walgreens but not in the store, at the head office
The head was so good it make sense why you work at the head office
In 2007 I sat in a lobby in Motown and waited
Now I walk into the buildin' and go off like "Nigga we made it!"
When I walk through these halls, man this beat should be playin'
I just came to make sure you not missin' no payments
Now turn this shit down while I issue my statement
It needed a moment of silence, nigga we made it!
You fly out your lady, I fly out my ladies
Bitches can't front on the kid anymore, man they know what my name is
And if by chance she don't know who I am, she just know that I'm famous
Imma just hand her a business card and say "Nigga we made it!"
And she gotta come to the hotel and pop it off for me
Then she gon' text her best friend like "Girl he got some good dick and money"
Her friend hit her back like "I know that already, that nigga's amazin'"
Then I send a message to both of they asses like "Nigga we made it!"
Kinda makes me wonder
Why the hell so many people are tryna tell me to slow down.
Seems like motherfuckers should be shuttin' the hell up and enjoyin' the show
Aye
We made it
Nigga we made it, aye
Damn we made it
Nigga we made it, aye
We made it, aye
Nigga we made it, aye
We made it
Yeah
If they with me, just know that they wit' it and 'bout it
If I said it, I meant it, it's no way around it
OVO, Reps Up, and P. Reign is next up, watch Gway go crazy
When Baka came home for the holidays, I was like "Nigga we made it!"
And all of those lawyer fees, nigga I paid it
My family get all of my loyalty, all of my patience
My life for your life, man I wouldn't trade it
I would just look at you dead in the face and say "Nigga we made it!"
I swear that we made it, sell out that thing, I'm the king in Jamaica
But I've been on that wave, that's why this year I tell yah, I don't need no favors
(Damn, Soulja Boy stunt on them haters)
And my resolution for New Years is nigga we made it!
You don't know how long I waited
I coulda been waitin' on tables, my karma's amazin'
I'm out in the Caymans
Rented a 12-bedroom house just to sleep all the women we came with
That's ignorant, ain't it?
Sometimes I question myself when I think 'bout the pictures I painted
Then I pick up my brush and I sign at the bottom
Like "Nigga we made it!"
Aye
We made it
Nigga we made it, aye
Damn we made it
How long spent in the hood
Tellin' my partner
And my momma, everything gonna be all good
Nigga we made it!
Damn
I'm up in Las Vegas
Damn, I never was supposed to have shit
Now my life is lavish
Every night, fuckin' a bad bitch,
Nigga we made it!
Coppin' a Lambo, cash,
The Bentley, 2 times I crashed
Nigga we made it!
Look at them niggas' faces, them niggas, they hate it
I look a nigga in his face and say "Nigga we made it!"
Soulja Boy stunt on them haters
And these days I don't need no favors
Nigga we made it!
You already know man
Phone call back to the old hood see whats going on
Br br, nigga we made it
All the school kids
Are so sick of books and learnin'
They don't read anymore
They don't even read anymore
They just wanna be
Like all the rappers that I can't stand
Niggas we don't need anymore
All the niggas we don't need anymore
And all the cops are still hangin' out at the doughnut shops
Talkin' 'bout how the weather's changin'
The ice is meltin' as if the world is endin'
She asked me, who are you gonna be
When it's all over?
When it's all over?
She asked me, who are you gonna be
When it's all over?
When it's all over?
I don't wanna think about that right now
Heat of the moment
Heat of the moment, girl, heat of the moment
I ain't even got a strap if you think we really need one I'm on it
The last man fucked up, I'll take it since he doesn't want it
Can't think straight in the heat of the moment, heat of the moment, heat of the moment yeah
What are we even doing?
Ridin' clean
With you on my mind and I'm thinkin' dirty things
Yes Lord, yes Lord, yes Lord
I've seen some things
I wish we had met when I was in my teens
Yes Lord, yes Lord, yes Lord
'Cause these days I only know conditional love
I'm not used to settlin' down
I'm too used to switchin' it up, oh
And she says, "you don't how good it is to be you cause you're him"
And I say "well, goddamn"
Then ask myself, who am I gonna be
When it's all over?
When it's all over?
Who am I gonna be
When it's all over?
When it's all over?
I don't wanna think about that right now
Heat of the moment
Heat of the moment, girl, heat of the moment
I ain't even got a strap if you think we really need one I'm on it
The last man fucked up, I'll take it since he doesn't want it
Can't think straight in the heat of the moment, heat of the moment, heat of the moment
All of this, it's our all,
It's our drugs, our weed,
It's everything that you could ever imagine.
Man, our sisters, our sisters
And our brothers, our brothers, need to stop this shit.
They need to take a step up.
Young girls are hot
And they will fuck anybody, anytime, anyway.
Because they are so hot and young guys are
They are going for it.
This shit has to stop, man.
This shit has to stop.
These people need to educate themselves.
Women are too fucking hot
(Yeah, you're right.
You're right.
Alright man, well, shit, I just wanted)
They know they're too hot.
They don't give a fuck.
It's the heat of the moment.
It's the heat of the moment and that's all it is.
It's the heat of the moment
(I agree)
This shit, that's all it is. It's the heat of the moment.
Be be a 100% woman, or
Try to have, to be with a 100% man
And use a fucking condom
(Worst) Motherfucker never loved us
Fucker never loved us
You ain't know, now you know now
Still at it, scrub J's with a toothbrush
Shit, niggas still playing my old shit
But your shit is like the police asking us questions, nigga' we don't know shit
Flex, nigga I'm just flexin'
Nigga never loved us, do it look like we stressin'?
Look at you, look at you, and look at you,
Ah, I'm glad that they chose us
Command, it's a mission trying to fight to the finish just to see 'em all finish
On my worst behavior, no?
They used to never want to hear us
Remember? Motherfucker never loved us, remember?
Motherfucker
Remember?
Motherfucker never loved us
I'm on my worst behavior
Don't you ever get it fucked up
Motherfuckers never loved us
Man, motherfuckers never loved us
Worst behavior
Motherfuckers never loved us
Fucker never loved us
Worst behavior
Hold up, hold my phone
Motherfuckers never loved us
Fucker never loved us
Now you want to roll one
Motherfucker never loved us
So everywhere we go now, full cup
Always hated the boy, but now the boy is the man motherfucker, I done growed up
You know me, you know me
I'm liable to do anything when it comes to that you owe me
You owe me, you owe me
Bitch you better have my money when I come for the shit like O.D.B.
On my worst behavior, no?
They used to never want to hear us
Remember? Motherfucker never loved us, remember?
Motherfucker
Remember?
Motherfucker never loved us
I'm on my worst behavior
Don't you ever get it fucked up
Motherfuckers never loved us
Man motherfuckers never loved us
Worst behavior
Motherfuckers never loved us
Fucker never loved us
Worst behavior
Who's hot, who not
Tell me who rock, who sell out in stores
You tell me who flop, who copped the new drop
Whose jewels got rocks
Who else making rap albums doing numbers like its pop
Same old pimp
Drake you know ain't nothing's changed
With these funny style niggas we done put out of the game
I just ask for some blessings at my grandmother's grave and its back to L.A.
Open the mail, staring at the check
Enough to make you throw up man it's gross what I net
I'm with my whole set, tennis matches at the crib
I swear I could be Serena when she playing with her left
Oh, where I reside it looks like a resort inside
Nigga, where your shit from? I imported mine bar mitzvah money like my name Mordehigh
Fuck you bitch, I'm more than high
My momma probably hear that and be mortified
This ain't the son you raised who used to take the Acura
5 a.m. going shoot Degrassi up on Morningside
For all the stunting, I'll forever be immortalized
Yeah, back and forth across the border line
Hate to leave the city but I've got to do the overtime
Gone all the time, even the important times
I should let you know ahead of time I'm coming back on my worst behavior
Remember?
Remember?
Motherfucker
Remember?
Hold up, hold my phone, they used to never want to hear us
Remember?
Motherfucker never loved us
Remember?
Motherfucker
Remember?
Worst behavior
Look
I know girls love Byonce
Girls love to fuck with your conscience
Girls hate when niggas go missing and shawty you ain't no different
These days its hard to meet women
Feel like my love life is finished
I've been avoiding commitment
That's why I'm in this position
I'm scared to let somebody in on this
No new friends, no no no
You know how this shit go
You got your fair share of admirers that call your phone
You try to act like its just me, but Im not alone
But if you're alone then, say my name, say my name
Say my name, say my name
When no one is around you
Say, Baby, I love you
If you ain't running games
Say my name, say my name
You actin kinda shady, baby
Why the sudden change?
Say my name
Say my name
Say my name
Say my name, say my name
If no one is around you (2x)
Yeah
Uh
Say my name, say my name
Cause those other men are practice
And this ain't no time for actin
And this ain't no time for games
And this ain't no time for uncertainty
And this ain't no time for locking your phone and not coming home
and startin some shit when I'm in the zone
This is why I've been saying
No new friends, no no no
You know how this shit goes
This is not four years ago
Time escapes me
Now forget how it felt when this shit move slow
I come through in whips that make a young boy take the long way home
All my young boys round me saying, Get money and fuck these hoes
Where we learn these values? I do not know what to tell you
I'm just trying to find a reason not to go out every evening
I need someone that'll help me think of someone besides myself
I need someone I leave through the front door with
Cause we don't wanna hide no more and plus your not shy no more
Neither one of us wanna play the side no more
No, I'm not alone
Even though nothing was the same
Let me get your ass alone
Let me make you say my name
Say my name
Say my name, say my name
When no one is around you
Say, Baby, I love you
If you ain't running games
Say my name, say my name
You actin kinda shady, baby
Why the sudden change?
Say my name
Say my name
Say my name
Say my name, say my name
If no one is around you
~Drake~
"Good God Almighty, like back in the old days
You know, years ago they had the A&R; men to tell you what to play
How to play it and you know whether it's disco and rock
But um, we just went in the studio and we did it
We had champagne in the studio, of course, you know
Compliments of the company, and we just laid back and did it
So we hope you enjoy listening to this album half as much
As we enjoyed playing it for you, because we had a ball
Only real music is gonna last
All the other bullshit is here today and gone tomorrow"
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M. get the money, dolla-dolla bill y'all
After hours of Il Mulino
Or Sotto Sotto, just talkin' about women and vino
The contract like '91 Dan Marino
I swear this got Michael Rapino boostin' my ego
Overly focused, it's far from the time to rest now
Debates growing 'bout who they think is the best now
Took a while, got the jokers out of the deck now
I'm holdin' all the cards and niggas wanna play chess now
I hear you talkin', say it twice so I know you meant it
Fuck it, I don't even tint it, they should know who's in it
I'm authentic, real name, no gimmicks
No game, no scrimmage, I ain't playin' with you niggas at all
My classmates, they went on to be chartered accountants
Or work with their parents, but thinkin' back on how they treated me
My high school reunion might be worth an appearance
Make everybody have to go through security clearance
Tables turn, bridges burn, you live and learn
With the ink, I could murder word to my nigga Irv
Yeah, I swear shit just started clickin' dog
You know it's real when you are who you think you are
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M. get the money, dolla-dolla bill y'all
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M. get the money, dolla-dolla bill y'all
Uh, I had Benzes 'fore you had braces
The all black Maybach but I'm not a racist
Inside's whiter than Katy Perry's face is
Yellow diamonds in my Jess
I just might learn to speak Mandarin
Japanese for the yen that I'm handlin'
International Hov, that's my handle
My saint's Sean Don, light a candle
El Gran Santo on the mantle
'Case y'all didn't know, I speak Spanish too
Shoutout to Worldwide Wes
Everywhere we go we leave a worldwide mess
Yes, still Roc La Familia
Says a lot about you if you not feelin' us
The homie said "Hov, there ain't many of us"
I told him less is more, nigga it's plenty of us
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M. get the money, dolla-dolla bill y'all
Cake, cake-cake, cake-cake, cake
500 million, I got a pound cake
Niggas is frontin', that's upside-down cake
Get 'em a red nose, they clown cakes
They shoulda never let you 'round cake
Look at my neck, I got a carrot cake
Now here's the icing on the cake
Cake, cake-cake, cake-cake
Uh I'm just gettin' started, oh yeah we got it bitch
I've done made more millionaires than the lotto did
Dame made millions, Bigg made millions
Ye made millions, Just made millions
Lyor made millions, Cam made millions
Beans tell you if he wasn't in his feelings
I'm back in my bag
My eyes bloodshot but my jet don't lag
A pair of Jordan 3's tryna chase this cash
Gucci air bag just in case we crash
Uh, last night was mad trill
I'm fresh out of Advil, Jesus grab the wheel
Yeah uh, look, fuck all that happy to be here shit that y'all want me on
I'm the big homie, they still be tryna lil' bro me dog
Like I should fall in line, like I should alert niggas
When I'm 'bout to drop somethin' crazy and I say I'm the greatest of my generation
Like I should be dressin' different
Like I should be less aggressive and pessimistic
Like I should be way more nervous and less dismissive
Like I should be on my best behavior
And not talk my shit and do it major like the niggas who paved the way for us
Like I didn't study the game to the letter
And understand that I'm not doin' it the same, man, I'm doin' it better
Like I didn't make that clearer this year
Like I should feel, I don't know, guilty for saying that
They should put a couple more mirrors in here so I can stare at myself
These are usually just some thoughts that I would share with myself
But I thought "Fuck it"
It's worth it to share 'em with someone else more than Paris for once
I text her from time to time, she a mom now
I guess sometimes life forces us to calm down
I told her she could live with me if she need to
I got a compound but I think she's straight
Cause she supported since Hot Beats right before Wayne came
And got me out of the backroom where I was rapping with Jas over beats I shouldn't have in the hopes for the glory
He walked right past in the hallway 3 months later I'm his artist
He probably wouldn't remember that story
But that shit stick with me
Always couldn't believe when he called me
You never know, it could happen to you
And I just spent four Ferraris all on a brand new Bugatti
And did that shit cause it's something to do, yeah
I guess its just who I became dog
Nothing was the same dog
Somewhere between psychotic and iconic
Somewhere between I want it and I got it
Somewhere between I'm sober and I'm lifted
Somewhere between a mistress and commitment
But I stay down, girl I always stay down
Get down, have her lay down
Promise to break everybody off before I break down
Everyone just wait now
So much on my plate now
People I believed in they don't even show they face now
What they got to say now?
Nothin' they can say now
Nothin' really changed but still they look at me a way now
What more can I say now?
What more can I say now?
You might feel like nothin' was the same
I still been drinkin' on the low
Mobbin' on the low
Fuckin' on the low
Smokin' on the low
I still been plottin' on the low
Schemin' on the low
The furthest thing from perfect
Like everyone I know
I just been drinkin' on the low
Mobbin' on the low
Fuckin' on the low
Smokin' on the low
I just been plottin' on the low
Schemin' on the low
The furthest thing from perfect
Like everyone I know
And I hate that you don't think I belong to ya
Just too busy runnin' shit to run home to ya
You know that paper my passion
Bittersweet celebrations, I know I can't change what happened
I can't help it
I can't help it
I was young and I was selfish
I made every woman feel like she was mine and no one else's
And now you hate me
Stop pretendin', stop that frontin'
I can't take it
Girl don't treat me like a stranger
Girl you know I seen ya naked
Girl you know that I remember, don't be a pretender
Gettin' high at the condo, that's when it all comes together
You know I stay remniscin'
And makeup sex is tradition
But you been missin' girl
And you might feel like nothin' was the same
I still been drinkin' on the low
Mobbin' on the low
Fuckin' on the low
Smokin' on the low
I still been plottin' on the low
Schemin' on the low
The furthest thing from perfect
Like everyone I know
I just been drinkin' on the low
Mobbin' on the low
Fuckin' on the low
Smokin' on the low
I just been plottin' on the low
Schemin' on the low
The furthest thing from perfect
Like everyone I know
Drinkin', smokin', fuckin', plottin'
Schemin', plottin', schemin', gettin' money
Drinkin', fuckin', smokin', plottin', schemin'
Plottin', schemin', getting money
This the life for me
My mama told me this was right for me
I got em worried, like make sure you save a slice for me
I should have Spoons, serve you up with a fork and knife for me
Your actions make us doubt you
Your lack of effort got me rapping different
This the shit I wanna go out to
Play this shit at my funeral if they catch me slippin'
Naked women swimming that's just how I'm living
Donate a million to some children, that's just how I'm feeling
A nigga filling up arenas, who the fuck can see us
I had to Derrick Rose the knee up before I got the re-up
Yours truly the boy
I just build and build more
Y'all niggas build and destroy
You niggas party too much, man I just chill and record
No filler, you feel it now if you ain't feel it before
Yes Lord, this the shit I wanna go out to, yeah
This the shit I wanna go out to
I got my eyes on you,
You're everything that I see
I want your hot love and emotion, endlessly
I can't get over you,
You left your mark on me
I want your high love and emotion, endlessly
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it
You act so different around me
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it
I know exactly who you could be
Just hold on we're going home
Just hold on we're going home
It's hard to do these things alone
Just hold on we're going home, ho oh
I got my eyes on you,
You're everything that I see
I want your hot love and emotion, endlessly
I can't get over you,
You left your mark on me
I want your high love and emotion, endlessly
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it
You act so different around me
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it
I know exactly who you could be
So just hold on we're going home (goin' home)
Just hold on we're going home (goin' home)
It's hard to do these things alone (things alone)
Just hold on we're going home (goin' home)
Ho oh (goin' home)
You're the girl
You're the one
Gave you every
Thing I love
I think there's something
Baby
I think there's something
Baby
You're the girl,
You're the one
Gave you every
Thing I love
I think there's something
Baby
I think there's something
Baby
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it
You act so different around me
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it
I know exactly who you could be
Oh just hold on we're going home (goin' home)
Just hold on we're going home (goin' home)
It's hard to do these things alone (things alone)
Just hold on we're going home (goin' home)
Ho oh (goin' home)
(Hold on, hold on)
(Hold on)
I love you so much!
But I hate what you've done
I know from here things will never be the same
And things will probably never change
I know what we want
Isn't exactly what god had planned
Hey its all I can do is
Hope you can see the difference
And pray for the best
Please don't forget me!
I won't soothe your pain
I won't ease your strength
Drake:
I should let you fall in love with
Someone else girl
I live in L.A
You in Chicago
You're not patient
I'm not patient
We shouldn't be together
I think we shouldn't be together
No more no (no more no)
Just think I'm where it all beginning
You're the envy of your prince
Plus you know you're not yourself anymore
The miracle of change
But if we got together it will never be the same like before girl
And I'm sorry
I said I'm sorry girl
(yeah)
She said look me in my fucking eyes and say it
But tell me am I wrong for what I'm saying
Is it wrong of me to tell these women what they wanna hear
Try to control us
You wanna hold us down
Yeah you really wanna hold us down
Yeah you really wanna hold us
All I asked is for a chance to prove that money can't really make me happy
Crazy how I blew myself from fucked up predicaments
I mean women inspire me to great things
(Drake: but always end up preventing me from achieving them)
I need to grow some fucking confidence
And why you gotta say the last word
And if I tell you how I really felt
(there probably end up being another argument candy girl,
You know everything you thought of me came from yourself)
Yeah
And that shit starts to get old
And I don't mean to say the most
But you know how they say you are who you hang with ?
SO IT BOTHERS ME WHEN YOU HANG WITH HOES
Drake:
Is it wrong of me to tell these women what they wanna hear
You know how they say
If you love somebody
That don't love you back
Love them anyway
"Good God Almighty, like back in the old days
You know, years ago they had the A&R; men to tell you what to play
How to play it and you know whether it's disco and rock
But um, we just went in the studio and we did it
We had champagne in the studio, of course, you know
Compliments of the company, and we just laid back and did it
So we hope you enjoy listening to this album half as much
As we enjoyed playing it for you, because we had a ball
Only real music is gonna last
All the other bullshit is here today and gone tomorrow"
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M. get the money, dolla-dolla bill y'all
After hours of Il Mulino
Or Sotto Sotto, just talkin' about women and vino
The contract like '91 Dan Marino
I swear this got Michael Rapino boostin' my ego
Overly focused, it's far from the time to rest now
Debates growing 'bout who they think is the best now
Took a while, got the jokers out of the deck now
I'm holdin' all the cards and niggas wanna play chess now
I hear you talkin', say it twice so I know you meant it
Fuck it, I don't even tint it, they should know who's in it
I'm authentic, real name, no gimmicks
No game, no scrimmage, I ain't playin' with you niggas at all
My classmates, they went on to be chartered accountants
Or work with their parents, but thinkin' back on how they treated me
My high school reunion might be worth an appearance
Make everybody have to go through security clearance
Tables turn, bridges burn, you live and learn
With the ink, I could murder word to my nigga Irv
Yeah, I swear shit just started clickin' dog
You know it's real when you are who you think you are
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M. get the money, dolla-dolla bill y'all
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M. get the money, dolla-dolla bill y'all
Uh, I had Benzes 'fore you had braces
The all black Maybach but I'm not a racist
Inside's whiter than Katy Perry's face is
Yellow diamonds in my Jess
I just might learn to speak Mandarin
Japanese for the yen that I'm handlin'
International Hov, that's my handle
My saint's Sean Don, light a candle
El Gran Santo on the mantle
'Case y'all didn't know, I speak Spanish too
Shoutout to Worldwide Wes
Everywhere we go we leave a worldwide mess
Yes, still Roc La Familia
Says a lot about you if you not feelin' us
The homie said "Hov, there ain't many of us"
I told him less is more, nigga it's plenty of us
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M. get the money, dolla-dolla bill y'all
Cake, cake-cake, cake-cake, cake
500 million, I got a pound cake
Niggas is frontin', that's upside-down cake
Get 'em a red nose, they clown cakes
They shoulda never let you 'round cake
Look at my neck, I got a carrot cake
Now here's the icing on the cake
Cake, cake-cake, cake-cake
Uh I'm just gettin' started, oh yeah we got it bitch
I've done made more millionaires than the lotto did
Dame made millions, Bigg made millions
Ye made millions, Just made millions
Lyor made millions, Cam made millions
Beans tell you if he wasn't in his feelings
I'm back in my bag
My eyes bloodshot but my jet don't lag
A pair of Jordan 3's tryna chase this cash
Gucci air bag just in case we crash
Uh, last night was mad trill
I'm fresh out of Advil, Jesus grab the wheel
Yeah uh, look, fuck all that happy to be here shit that y'all want me on
I'm the big homie, they still be tryna lil' bro me dog
Like I should fall in line, like I should alert niggas
When I'm 'bout to drop somethin' crazy and I say I'm the greatest of my generation
Like I should be dressin' different
Like I should be less aggressive and pessimistic
Like I should be way more nervous and less dismissive
Like I should be on my best behavior
And not talk my shit and do it major like the niggas who paved the way for us
Like I didn't study the game to the letter
And understand that I'm not doin' it the same, man, I'm doin' it better
Like I didn't make that clearer this year
Like I should feel, I don't know, guilty for saying that
They should put a couple more mirrors in here so I can stare at myself
These are usually just some thoughts that I would share with myself
But I thought "Fuck it"
It's worth it to share 'em with someone else more than Paris for once
I text her from time to time, she a mom now
I guess sometimes life forces us to calm down
I told her she could live with me if she need to
I got a compound but I think she's straight
Cause she supported since Hot Beats right before Wayne came
And got me out of the backroom where I was rapping with Jas over beats I shouldn't have in the hopes for the glory
He walked right past in the hallway 3 months later I'm his artist
He probably wouldn't remember that story
But that shit stick with me
Always couldn't believe when he called me
You never know, it could happen to you
And I just spent four Ferraris all on a brand new Bugatti
And did that shit cause it's something to do, yeah
I guess its just who I became dog
Nothing was the same dog
[Rick Ross]
Two door Bugatti coupe
I call it Katy Perry
Wiz Khalifa papers
smoking my favourite berrys
S65 I call it Rihanna
It got a red top but its white like Madonna
Made man, you hear what I said
having a slumber party all my bitches counting bread
made man, also known as Papi Chulo
and Im running straight up in the culo
my wrist always on frio, call me chilly chill
super head and super head, and I really will
Californication, Motivation in my pocket
got on my blue Dickie, shout out my n-gga Roccett
still smoking sickie, it aint no other option
not for made n-ggas and Im never stopping
I raised the bar, I set the standards
my yayo, Usher Raymond, that b-tch just keep on dancing
dollar bills on top of dollar bills
thats all Im throwing, if she wont her momma will
made n-ggas, talking a lot of skrill
8 digits a n-gga tryna live
made man, you hear what I said
I got a hundred squares
if you scared, called the feds
made men, Im screaming dollar bills
park the trunk on the Porsche
there they go, Dollar bills
[Drake]
Riding round the city, plastic cup of Henny
find a n-gga like me, truth to be told, I dont know many
I say shout my driver Lauren, thats 62 with curtains
cant see shit, I dont know where the f-ck Im at for certain
when it boils down, Im just a T.O n-gga
but bitches tell me that I look just like a creole n-gga
New Orleans know its love, everytime Im in town
shout out my n-gga Tez, thats my brother my round
spending tomorrows money, I call it maana
off the rack just aint my style, I call it designer
one of my baddest women ever, I call her Rihanna
but thats cause her name is Rihanna!
Im in the condo just posting watching Miami kill
I might just walk to the arena and watch it for real
Ashes to ashes, me, Rozay and Khaled
smoking bull riders, shit moving slow as a ballad
tattoo on your ass, itd be nice if you show me
Im buying bitches furs, Mike Tyson, Naomi
Ive got the right to do it, its only right to do it
love me some head, and I love a woman that likes to do it
still love my team, aint no other option
not for made n-ggas and Im never stopping
Im Damon Wayans, just know that homie dont play that
you know we running my n-gga, Young money, Maybach
[Chorus]
[Rick Ross - Verse 3]
Black panorama, I call it T-Pain
I got my autotune, that bitch insane
got my revolver too, I call it Ving Rhames
you still a baby boy, we doing big things
street n-ggas, you hear what I said
I got some bad news, Jabar back in the feds
facing twenty, he just did a dime
been out a year, look like he finna ride
genocide, these people killing time
throw you in a hole, you must be penalised
soon as you see success, haters reinvest
miami gardens drive, half a million nothing less
raised the bar, I set the standards
my yayo Mc Hammer, that bitch just keep on dancing
Michael Jackson, let it moonwalk
set it on the napkin, let it cool off
hey there
pretty baby
i want you to be my lady,
i know what you wanna hear,
i know what you wanna see,
and i choose you, pretty mama,
i choose you pretty mama,
so dont ever guess that id settle for less,
cuz baby you are the best...
the baddest girl around
Now when it come to makin' money, I'm a printing press
And when it come to bein' trill, I'm the litmus test
Run it like a fitness test
And when it come to making history, I'm like Joe's son
A million ways to die, you already chose one
A million dollars stacked, it sounds like a new beginning
We on the top now, go back and tell the hood we winning
And while you're there, let 'em know I did it just for them
I made 'em cough the cash up and left 'em just a phlegm
Is that the King of the Trill
Go tell them Yes it's him
And his testosterone is up, who's got the estrogen
I like your girl and I think she like me even more
I hit her with that heave and ho and then I'm leavin' bro
The Dirty South's finest, and Dirty South's behind us
Now that's a plus on the report card, not a minus
Keep your security blankets because I'm not your Linus
You gotta problem with us
You know just the spot to find us
Uh, since you're tellin on me, tell the world about me
Ask your girl about me, she'll probably tell you that I
Put it down, put it down
You know how I put it down, put it down
Every time I come around
Just bought a car, the nigga Pimp owned it
I threw some tints on it, he woulda loved it how I
Put it down, put it down
You know how I put it down, put it down
Every time I come around
They know I'm in a Port Arthur state of mind
Of the superstar status, I elevate the grind
My time is money, so I put some money on my time
Lightning on the brightening, so exciting when you see the shine
We're on the level those before us never even thought of
I broke my bread and fed my team just like the Holy Father
I helped the blind to see it, kept it G, just like I ought to
The only thing that's left for us to do is walk on water
We playin' all four quarters till the clock expire
So till I see the ref wavin, I will not retire
My flow is still official, and I still got the fire
Can't take your eyes off me, like when you watch The Wire
And in oh-ten, we finna go in
So let the opposition know that there is no win
And I am no friend, so put your hand down
And tell 'em, stand down, before it's man down
Uh, since you're tellin on me, tell the world about me
Ask your girl about me, she'll probably tell you that I
Put it down, put it down
You know how I put it down, put it down
Every time I come around
Just bought a car, the nigga Pimp owned it
I threw some tints on it, he woulda loved it how I
Put it down, put it down
You know how I put it down, put it down
Every time I come around
Round, I gotta hundred girls in each phone
Drizzy Drake mane, Young Sweet Jones
I never cheat unless you count the girls I cheat on
I know you can't bring every single one you meet home
Homesick just when I thought I was sick of home
Losin' track of time, everyday we switchin' zones
Drizzy Hendrix, I'm just backstage gettin stoned
Thank Me Later man, a million copies shipped and gone
Overboard nigga, I'm quoted more nigga
Results are in, I guess you shoulda voted more nigga
Swimmin' in the money, y'all just float ashore nigga
Never drownin', what the fuck you think this boat is for nigga
Yeah I'm quick to take a R&B; diva out
I bring some friends, she brings some friends that know what we about
And when it's done, I put my slippers on and see 'em out
And tip the driver to make sure he take the scenic route
I swear these women livin like they tryna write a book after
But I'm just really tryna keep it G for my chapter
Listen to my words, seek just what I mean
Rest in peace to Chad Butler, everyday I'm ridin' clean, damn
Uh, since you're tellin on me, tell the world about me
Ask your girl about me, she'll probably tell you that I
Put it down, put it down
You know how I put it down, put it down
Every time I come around
Just bought a car, the nigga Pimp owned it
I threw some tints on it, he woulda loved it how I
Put it down, put it down
You know how I put it down, put it down
Every time I come around
Uh, since you're tellin on me, tell the world about me
Ask your girl about me, she'll probably tell you that I
Put it down, put it down
You know how I put it down, put it down
Every time I come around
Just bought a car, the nigga Pimp owned it
I threw some tints on it, he woulda loved it how I
Put it down, put it down
You know how I put it down, put it down
Every time I come around
Kush rolled, glass full, I prefer the better things
Niggas with no money act like money isn't everything
I'm having a good time haters tryna ruin it,
Shout out to the fact that I'm the youngest nigga doin' it
Cap on, brim bent, Denzel, Larry time
She ain't trying to pop that shit for pimp okay well never mind,
I I I tried to told you, drizzy still ain't nothin' nice
Bracelet saying you should quit, cars saying fuck ya life
Okay now we outta here
Toodles to you bitches
And if you dolled up
I got the voodoo for you bitches, yeah
I'm busy getting rich, I don't want trouble
I made enough for two niggas boy stunt double
Fame is like a drug that I've taken too much of
But I never ever trip
Just peace happiness and love
I got money in these jeans, so they fit me kinda snug
Plus the game is in my pocket, nigga this is what I does, ah!
I'm about whatever man
Fuck what they be talkin' about,
They opinion doesn't count,
We the only thing that matters (ooh)
So we do it how we do it
All up in your face, man, I hate to put you through it
I be up all night,
Whole crews in here
Cause I don't really know who I'm a lose this year (ow)
Man I love my team.
Man I love my team
I would die for them niggas, ow
Yo, Drizzy sayin' get her I'm a get her
I get the kind of money that make a broke bitch bitter
I got that kinda' wait wait fixate!
Which bitch you know made a million off a mixtape?
That was just a keep sake
Bought the president the Louie presidential briefcase
Never been a cheapskate
We got the Hawks I ain't talkin' about the peach state
Man for Pete's sake scratch that, sweep stakes
(ha ha ha ha)
Fuck I look like hoe
I look like yes and you like no
I'm a bad bitch I ain't never been a mixed breed.
I'm on a diet but I'm doing donuts in a six speed
M M M6 from a M-2
I see a lot of rap bitches on a menu
But I collect 100 thou at the venue
And pop bottles with the team young money til the death of me
I'm about whatever man.
Fuck what they be talking about,
They opinion doesn't count,
We the only thing that matters (ow)
So we do it how we do it
All up in your face, man, I hate to put you through it
I be up all night,
Whole crews in here
Cause I don't really know who I'm a lose this year (ow)
Man I love my team
Man I love my team
I would die for them niggas, ow
I mean we can't even rock them shoes if it ain't gotta comma on the price tag
I mean, I mean but then again who who looks at the price tag
Oh yeah we in this bitch
Ow, ow, ow
Oh yeah we in this bitch
Ow, ow, ow
I'm about whatever man
Fuck what they be talkin' about,
They opinion doesn't count,
We the only thing that matters (ooh)
So we do it how we do it
All up in your face, man, I hate to put you through it
I be up all night,
Whole crews in here
Cause I don't really know who I'm a lose this year (ow)
Man I love my team.
Man I love my team
I would die for them niggas, ow
I'm about whatever man
Fuck what they be talkin' about,
They opinion doesn't count,
We the only thing that matters (ooh)
So we do it how we do it
All up in your face, man, I hate to put you through it
I be up all night,
Whole crews in here
Cause I don't really know who I'm a lose this year (ow)
Man I love my team.
Man I love my team
I would die for them niggas, ow
It may not mean nothing to y'all
But understand nothing was done for me
So I don't plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever, mayne
I'm shutting shit down in the mall
And telling every girl she the one for me
And I ain't even planning to call
I want this shit forever, mayne
Last name ever, first name greatest
Like a sprained ankle, boy, I ain't nothing to play with
Started off local but thanks to all the haters
I know g4 pilots on a first name basis
In your city faded off the brown nino
She insists she got more class, we know
Swimming in the money come and find me, Nemo
If I was at the club you know I bald, Kimo
Dropped a mixtape, that shit sounded like an album
Who'd a thought a country-wide tour would be the outcome
Labels want my name beside an X like Malcolm
Everybody got a deal, I did it without one
Yeah nigga, I'm about my business
Killing all these rappers you would swear I had a hit list
Everyone who doubted me is asking for forgiveness
If you ain't been a part of it at least you got to witness, bitches
It may not mean nothing to y'all
But understand nothing was done for me
So I don't plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever, mayne
I'm shutting shit down in the mall
And telling every girl she the one for me
And I ain't even planning to call
I want this shit forever, mayne
I used to have hood dreams, big fame, big chains
I stuck my dick inside this life until that bitch came
I went hard, all fall like the ball teams
Just so I could make it rain all spring
Y'all seen my story, my glory
I had raped the game young, you could call it statutory
When a nigga blow up they gon' build statues for me
Old money Benjamin Button, what? I nutting
Now superbad chicks giving me McLovin
You would think I ran the world like Michelle's husband
You would think these niggas would know me when they really doesn't
Like they was down with the old me, no, you fucking wasn't
You're such a fucking loser
He didn't even go to class Bueller
Trade the Grammy plaques just to have my granny back
Remember she had that bad hip like a fanny pack
Chasing that stardom would turn you into a maniac
All the way in Hollywood and I can't even act
They pull their cameras out and goddamn they snap
I used to want this thing forever, you can have it back
It may not mean nothing to y'all
But understand nothing was done for me
So I don't plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever, mayne
I'm shutting shit down in the mall
And telling every girl she the one for me
And I ain't even planning to call
I want this shit forever, mayne
Okay, hello, it's da Martian, space jam Jordan's
I want this shit forever, wake up and smell the garden
Fresher than the harvest, step up to the target
If I had one guess then I guess I'm just New Orleans
And I will never stop like I'm running from the cops
Hop up in my car and told my chauffeur to the top
Life is like a fucking roller coaster then it drops
But what should I scream for, this is my theme park
My minds shine even when my thoughts seem dark
Pistol on my side, you don't wanna hear that thing talk
Let the king talk, check the price and pay attention
Lil' Wayne, that's what they got to say or mention
I'm like Nevada in the middle of the summer
I'm resting in the lead, I need a pillow and a cover
Shh, my foot's sleeping on the gas
No brake pads, no such thing as last
It may not mean nothing to y'all
But understand nothing was done for me
So I don't plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever, mayne
I'm shutting shit down in the mall
And telling every girl she the one for me
And I ain't even planning to call
I want this shit forever, mayne
There they go, back in stadiums as shady spits his flow
Nuts they go, macadamia, they go so ballistic, whoa
We can make them look like Boso's
He's wondering if he should spit this slow
Fuck, no go for broke
His cup just runneth over, oh no
He ain't had a buzz like this since the last time he overdosed
They've been waiting patiently for Pinocchio to poke his nose
Back into the game and they know
Rap will never be the same as before
Bashing in the brains of these hoes
And establishing a name as he goes
The passion and the flame is ignited
You can't put it out once we light it
This shit is exactly what the fuck I'm talking about
When we riot
You dealing with a few true villains
Whose staying inside of the booth, truth spilling
And spit true feelings, till our tooth fillings
Come flying up out of our mouths, now rewind it
Payback muthafucka for the way you got at
Me so how's it taste?
When I slap the taste out your mouth with the bass
So loud that it shakes the place
I'm Hannibal Lecter so just in case
You're thinking of saving face
You ain't gonna have no face to save
By the time I'm through with this place
So play some Drake
"Good God Almighty, like back in the old days
You know, years ago they had the A&R; men to tell you what to play
How to play it and you know whether it's disco and rock
But um, we just went in the studio and we did it
We had champagne in the studio, of course, you know
Compliments of the company, and we just laid back and did it
So we hope you enjoy listening to this album half as much
As we enjoyed playing it for you, because we had a ball
Only real music is gonna last
All the other bullshit is here today and gone tomorrow"
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M. get the money, dolla-dolla bill y'all
After hours of Il Mulino
Or Sotto Sotto, just talkin' about women and vino
The contract like '91 Dan Marino
I swear this got Michael Rapino boostin' my ego
Overly focused, it's far from the time to rest now
Debates growing 'bout who they think is the best now
Took a while, got the jokers out of the deck now
I'm holdin' all the cards and niggas wanna play chess now
I hear you talkin', say it twice so I know you meant it
Fuck it, I don't even tint it, they should know who's in it
I'm authentic, real name, no gimmicks
No game, no scrimmage, I ain't playin' with you niggas at all
My classmates, they went on to be chartered accountants
Or work with their parents, but thinkin' back on how they treated me
My high school reunion might be worth an appearance
Make everybody have to go through security clearance
Tables turn, bridges burn, you live and learn
With the ink, I could murder word to my nigga Irv
Yeah, I swear shit just started clickin' dog
You know it's real when you are who you think you are
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M. get the money, dolla-dolla bill y'all
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M. get the money, dolla-dolla bill y'all
Uh, I had Benzes 'fore you had braces
The all black Maybach but I'm not a racist
Inside's whiter than Katy Perry's face is
Yellow diamonds in my Jess
I just might learn to speak Mandarin
Japanese for the yen that I'm handlin'
International Hov, that's my handle
My saint's Sean Don, light a candle
El Gran Santo on the mantle
'Case y'all didn't know, I speak Spanish too
Shoutout to Worldwide Wes
Everywhere we go we leave a worldwide mess
Yes, still Roc La Familia
Says a lot about you if you not feelin' us
The homie said "Hov, there ain't many of us"
I told him less is more, nigga it's plenty of us
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M. get the money, dolla-dolla bill y'all
Cake, cake-cake, cake-cake, cake
500 million, I got a pound cake
Niggas is frontin', that's upside-down cake
Get 'em a red nose, they clown cakes
They shoulda never let you 'round cake
Look at my neck, I got a carrot cake
Now here's the icing on the cake
Cake, cake-cake, cake-cake
Uh I'm just gettin' started, oh yeah we got it bitch
I've done made more millionaires than the lotto did
Dame made millions, Bigg made millions
Ye made millions, Just made millions
Lyor made millions, Cam made millions
Beans tell you if he wasn't in his feelings
I'm back in my bag
My eyes bloodshot but my jet don't lag
A pair of Jordan 3's tryna chase this cash
Gucci air bag just in case we crash
Uh, last night was mad trill
I'm fresh out of Advil, Jesus grab the wheel
Yeah uh, look, fuck all that happy to be here shit that y'all want me on
I'm the big homie, they still be tryna lil' bro me dog
Like I should fall in line, like I should alert niggas
When I'm 'bout to drop somethin' crazy and I say I'm the greatest of my generation
Like I should be dressin' different
Like I should be less aggressive and pessimistic
Like I should be way more nervous and less dismissive
Like I should be on my best behavior
And not talk my shit and do it major like the niggas who paved the way for us
Like I didn't study the game to the letter
And understand that I'm not doin' it the same, man, I'm doin' it better
Like I didn't make that clearer this year
Like I should feel, I don't know, guilty for saying that
They should put a couple more mirrors in here so I can stare at myself
These are usually just some thoughts that I would share with myself
But I thought "Fuck it"
It's worth it to share 'em with someone else more than Paris for once
I text her from time to time, she a mom now
I guess sometimes life forces us to calm down
I told her she could live with me if she need to
I got a compound but I think she's straight
Cause she supported since Hot Beats right before Wayne came
And got me out of the backroom where I was rapping with Jas over beats I shouldn't have in the hopes for the glory
He walked right past in the hallway 3 months later I'm his artist
He probably wouldn't remember that story
But that shit stick with me
Always couldn't believe when he called me
You never know, it could happen to you
And I just spent four Ferraris all on a brand new Bugatti
And did that shit cause it's something to do, yeah
I guess its just who I became dog
Nothing was the same dog
[Jamie Foxx- Verse 1]
Can I, can I save you from you
Cause you know there's something missing
And that champagne you've been sippin's
Not supposed to make you different all the time
It's starting to feel like the wrong thing to do girl
Cause with all that recognition it gets hard for you to listen
To the things that I must say to make you mine
But live girl, have some fun girl, we'll be fine
Trying to convince myself I've found one
Making the mistake I never learned from
I swear I always fall for your type, yeah (for your type)
Tell me why I always fall for your type (for your type)
I just can't explain this sh-t at all (fall for your type)
I just can't explain this sh-t at all (fall for your type)
(I believe in people like you)
[Jamie Foxx- Verse 2]
So who am I to judge you on the past, girl
I think there's a reason for it all
You say that you're nothing like the last girl
I just pray that you don't let me down right now
It's too late, I'm already yours
You just gotta promise me, hearts won't break
And end up like before
I swear I always fall for your type, yeah (for your type)
Tell me why I always fall for your type (for your type)
[Drake]
Look, dress hanging off your shoulder, barely sober
Telling me how you moving away and starting over
Girl, quit playing you just drunk, you just saying sh-t
Oh you dance, dance like how, like ballet and sh-t
Oh, wait, no, I get it girl, I'm with it
I've been down this road before and yeah I skidded but forget it
Damn, yeah, I wonder why I never why I learned my lesson
It's feeling like the second chance and its the first impression
And I heard it's nothing new except for someone new
But how you supposed to find the one when anyone will come with you
Talking to myself but I never listen,
Cuz man it's been a while, and I swear that this ones different
That's why I'mma take you anywhere you wanna go
Let you meet my friends so they can lecture me again about
How reckless I have been
And I'm slowly running out of all the time that I invest in
Making all the same mistakes
And I'm just trying to correct it and I fall..
[Jamie Foxx]
I swear I always fall for your type, for your type
Tell me why I always fall for your type, for your type
I just can't explain this sh-t at all (fall for your type)
I just can't explain this sh-t at all (fall for your type)
(I believe in people like you)
Verse 1:
(check)
they ask me bout this rapper chick i might know i say i never hit but we sure to try it right though my verses smuther beats and they are in need of some lipo as for rappers she is not my type she's like a typo flow is universal take a blood test im type O naz do me a favor turn da volume up its quite low i write so i might blow my chain im into white glow see life as a scrimage and i am runnin the iso wat is about to unfold no tellin like a dice throw meet alot a chicks so your girl is someone i might know thats only if she's nice though i aint about the whife though and let no uncle ben's rice throw that is just how my life goesss and move faster then a leoperd sprint round the world got alot of spots like leopard print i use to think u play to much but i rather go deaf then lose touch
(holla at me baby)
chorus:
been a minute i kno my number out of service cause sometimes i dont really wanna be reached damn how things change in a year tell me how everything go and i kno someone told me you wanted to teach
(let me give you my new shit x7)
call me any time i bet you ill be around
Verse 2:
you say u sophisticated but college hill is something you still Tivo then u switch the vibe and listen to L D vo or maybe D M P i tribe called Quest but when u called too much then i called less u would always complain bout my small text what you call conversation i call stress and that put a barier between both of carriers and i would be like i aint gattin service in your area u be like nigga get your bars up i just string you along like i was tuning guitars up i know that was wrong i think that this is fate you took out those exstensions and lost you a little weight your booty lookin bigger and i think that shit is great a fresh start is in order let me take you on a date take you on a date i used too think u play to much but i'd rather go deaf then lose touch
(holla at me baby)
been a minute i kno my number out of service cause sometimes i dont really wanna be reached damn how things change in a year tell me how everything go and i kno someone told me you wanted to teach
(let me give you my new shit x7)
call me any time i bet you ill be around round
been a minute i kno my number out of service cause sometimes i dont really wanna be reached damn how things change in a year tell me how everything go and i kno someone told me you wanted to teach (let me give you my new shit x7)
call me any time i bet you ill be around round look
been a minute i kno my number out of service cause sometimes i dont really wanna be reached damn how things change in a year tell me how everything go and i kno someone told me you wanted to teach (let me give you my new shit x7) call me any time i bet you ill be around round
I feel good
Got some time off, Girl it's been so long
Did you have fun?
'Cause I'mma need a cab just to get me home
Maybe you could call in sick
Bring it to the crib and get all this, all this
I know I'm blunt, but how real is that?
You want that feeling back?
Probably one of my realest loves ever, four page letters
In time it's all better, 'cause time heal whatever
I'mma need a moment cause moments last forever
Cars with cream leather, females are on regular
What's the point in titles, we liking it how they tell us
I'd rather stay friends with benefits 'til we ready
Now ready, Sean Don got me feeling heavy
She like one more chance, more problems, no Biggie, ah
It's all good, don't take it the wrong way
Ain't nothing personal, but who this nigga in your face?
We can leave together or you can take your space
The night young, we should head over to my place
Ha, now we laughing and all that
Tell your friend they can fall back
Ain't even gotta ask twice
She said what you feeling like?
I'm like
I feel good
Got some time off, girl, it's been so long
Did you have fun?
'Cause I'mma need a cab just to get me home
Maybe you could call in sick
Bring it to the crib and get all this
I know I'm blunt, but how real is that?
You want that feeling back?
Well you should know
I still got it for ya, I still got it for ya [x3]
And even though we let it go, it's better that you know
I still got it for ya, I still got it for ya [x3]
And even though we let it go, it's better that you know
I still
Ain't nobody like you
Heard you got a ballplayer
But he don't excite you
I ain't the one you gotta lie to
Lay down, relax, climax, let me bite you
Still a superfreak
You know how I be when I'm rolling in the streets
Enough about me, I heard you finished your degree
Just call me Ginuwine cause I'm the same Ol' G
We was young, full of insecurities
Grown up now, all we got is old memories
Used to be like enemies, arguing in Barney's, fly shit
Too much pride to say sorry
Shit, problems running like half the day
Number 24, let it fade away
She gotta leave but she wanna stay
She like "how you feeling babe?"
Like, shit
[Gucci Mane]
I'm so f-cking dumb I wear diamonds on my thumbs,
There's a diamond on my d-ck so theres a diamond on her tongue,
I can't feel you baby cos I romantically numb,
Emotionally drained I came here just so I can come,
Theres nothing on the God son that I haven't done,
I got a lot of problems, getting p-ssy just isn't one,
Girls are like buses every 15 mins they run,
Man they like potato chips I just cant have one,
And I might like you for a minute,
But I dont like your friends in my business,
And I feel like you don't deserve a visit,
Cos you aint in the kitchen when you want a whipping,
[Drake - Chorus]
Uh, uh ahhhh,
I know you say you love me girrrrrrrrl,
I know you say you love me girrrrrrrrl,
Problem is you prol tell that sh-t to everybody,
So we hear you talking boo but we just dont believe you,
Uh, ok I'm all about it, all for it,
I'm all star team Jordan, small forward,
I'm never putting up a shot unless it calls for it,
No hesitation so I'm shooting if I draw for it,
How how (?) f-ck is up, now man I'm in this hoe,
Life is moving fast, where the f-ck do all these minutes go,
Mixtape dropped then I started getting 10 a show,
Now I get a hundred what the f-ck you think I'm in it for,
Young money forever, I bet Gudda, Jay and Mack agree,
F-ck you to the haters that just spend their time attacking me,
Shout out to your girlfriend n-gga lately she distracting me,
Wondering if I'm the best, Well-I-am, no Black Eyed Peas,
Girls wanna f-ck your n-ggas, guy don't wanna be you,
Lining up around the block so that they can get to see you,
I feel like I find a wife exactly when I need to,
So you can say whatever girl but we just don't believe you,
[Chorus]
[Sean Garrett]
Ain't that your girl,
Aint that your money,
Aint you the same n-gga that say she want you that you funny,
Aint you a gangsta, yeah funny,
You gave em funny, gave you to you, f-cking dummy,
Classic line, b-tches run like buses,
Gucci say n-ggas asking why, why you with my girl,
She let me get it n-gga,
She aint stupid, go turn up your radio,
I'm the next young Lionel Richie,
I gives a f-ck about doing a f-cking cameo,
We don' love em, we don' love em, we don' love em, NO!
They just love us, they just love us, cos we stack them O's
Cos we whip it, watch her whip it when she whip it all
Thats gon hit, once they mention catching feelings two word don't go
[Drake]
Uh UHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I know you say you love me girrrrrrrrrrl,
I know you say you love me girrrrrrrrrrl,
PROBLEM IS YOU PROL TELL THAT SH-T TO EVERYBODY,
SO WE HEAR YOU TALKING BOO BUT WE JUST DON'T BELIEVE YOU!!!
(Kane is in the building nigga)
Now tell me how you love it, you know you at the top
When only heaven's right above it, we on, 'cause we on
Who else really tryna fuck with Hollywood Co.?
I'm with Marley G, bro
Flying Hollygrove chicks to my Hollywood shows
And I wanna tell you something that you prolly should know
This that Slumdog Millionaire Bollywood flow
And uh, my real friends never hearin' from me
Fake friends write the wrong answers on the mirror for me
That's why I pick and choose, I don't get shit confused
I got a small circle, I'm not with different crews
We walk the same path, but got on different shoes
Live in the same building, but we got different views
I got a couple cars I never get to use
Don't like my women single, I like my chicks in twos
And these days all the girls is down to roll
I hit the strip club and all them bitches find a pole
Plus I been sippin', so this shit is movin' kinda slow
Just tell my girl to tell her friend that it's time to go
Now tell me how you love it
You know you at the top when only heaven's right above it
We on, it's Young Money, motherfucker
If you ain't runnin' wit' it, run from it, motherfucker, all right
Now somebody show some money in this bitch
And I got my B's with me like some honey in this bitch, ya dig?
I got my gun in my boo purse
And I don't bust back, because I shoot first
Meet me on the fresh train
Yes, I'm in the building, you just on the list of guest names
And all of my riders do not give a fuck, X-Games
Guns turn you boys into pussies, sex change
And I smoke 'til I got chest pains
And you niggas know I rep my gang like Jesse James
Women are possessive, and they wanna possess Wayne
I been fly so long I fell asleep on the fuckin' plane
Skinny pants and some Vans
Call me Triple-A, get my advance in advance, amen
As the world spin and dance in my hands
Life is a beach, I'm just playin' in the sand
Uh, wake up and smell the pussy
You niggas can't see me, but never overlook me
I'm on the paper trail, it ain't no tellin' where it took me
Yeah, and I ain't a killa, but don't push me
N, now tell me how you love it
You know you at the top when only heaven's right above it
We on, it's Young Money, motherfucker
If you ain't runnin' wit' it, run from it, motherfucker, all right
Now somebody show some money in this bitch
And I got my bees with me like some honey in this bitch, ya dig?
I got my gun in my boo purse
And I don't bust back, because I shoot first
Uh, how do he say what's never said?
Beautiful black woman,
I bet that bitch look better red
Limpin' off tour
'cause I made more off my second leg
Ma'fuckin' Birdman Junior, eleventh grade
Ball on automatic start
I could hand it to Drake or do a quarterback draw
Wildcat offense, check the paw prints
We in the building, you niggas in apartments
No-now, c'mon, be my blood donor
Flo' so nice, you ain't gotta put a rug on her
Do it big, and let the small fall under that
Damn, where you stumbled at?
From where they make gumbo at
Kane got the fuckin' beat jumpin' like a jumping jack
But you know me, I get on this bitch and have a heart attack
Hip-hop, I'm the heart of that, nigga, nothin' short of that
President Carter, Young Money democrat
Now tell me how you love it
You know you at the top when only heaven's right above it
We on, it's Young Money, motherfucker
If you ain't runnin' wit' it, run from it, motherfucker, all right
Now somebody show some money in this bitch
And I got my B's with me like some honey in this bitch, ya dig? (Soo woo!)
I got my gun in my boo purse
And I don't bust back, because I shoot first
(We on, young young mula baby)
[Drake]
I forgot about you last night
for the first time in a long time I did
I was caught up in these drinks they keep on making
an amazin conversation with this girl named Lorraine
who says shes from L.A.
who keeps makin me laugh and even asks if she can pay
ooohhhh
She could be good for me (yeaaah)
This what you text me
Tell me that you miss me
I forget about Lorraine
and in fact shes right here with me
and shes starin at my face
something had to change
thought that all these feelings went away (yeahh)
I hate gettin messages from you (from you)
Its like you know the perfect shit to say
f-cks up my whole day
thought that all these feelings went away
I hate gettin messages from you (from you)
especially when you say you should've stayed
f-cks up my whole day
I thought that all these feelings went away
I hate the shit you do
I hate the shit you do
I hate the shit you do
I hate the shit you do
I hate the shit you do
I hate the shit you do
but I still text you back
I miss you too
Verse 1:
R.I.P to the girl you used to see
her days are over, baby shes over
I've decided to give you all of me
baby come closer (2x)
I'm ready for ya. Kill 'em all.
Switch it up, Put it on, zip it up
Let my perfume soak it in your sweater,
say you'll be here soon, sooner the better
No option for you saying, 'no'.
I run this game, just play your role
Follow my lead, whatchu waiting for?
Thought it over and decided tonight is the night
(Can-han-han you fee-heel-heel, my hea-ar-ar-ar-art is beating)(2x)
CHORUS:
Yeah i hear you talkin
Don't know who your tryin to flatter
got my mind made up,
I-I-I'm ready for ya
I'm in control but with you bein a man
You don't seem to understand that,
I-I-I'm ready for ya
I-I-I'm ready for ya (2x)
So keep thinkin your the man cause thats all part of my plan,
I-I-I'm ready for ya
Verse 2:
Nothin on, I strut around.
I do it big, I shut it down.
I wonder if you'll be able to handle me
Mental pictures, no cameras please
(Can-han-han you fee-heel-heel, my hea-ar-ar-ar-art is beating)(2x)
(Chorus)
Verse 3:
Red lipstick on the wine glass, cameras in my mind flash
Black lingerie, white diamonds what a contrast
I know you get impatient as the time pass,
You say you want it fast, define fast
Cause I could speed it up and make it last
And I could audition for this and I could be part of the cast
And I could produce for your future, I could co-direct your past
And make damn sure that you never forget it, admitt it
I'm ready, I'm wit it, still here like a statue
Pink champaigne, green ink in your tattoos
You say you got baggage well I'm packed too
Plus i got a sex pistol pointed right at you, bang.
The baddest woman ever and the heart is out.
Proven over and over again, thats why I'm hard to doubt
Plus I'm young money till death, I took the Carter route
I'm more then ready too, hope it's somethin you thought about
(Can-han-han you fee-heel-heel, my hea-ar-ar-ar-art is beating)(2x)
(Chorus)
R.I.P to the girl you used to see
her days are over, baby shes over
I-I-I'm ready for ya (3x)
So keep thinkin your the man cause thats all part of my plan,
I-I-I'm ready for ya.
[Kanye West]
Back when they thought pink polo's would hurt the Roc,
Before Cam got the shit to pop, the doors was closed.
I felt like Bad Boy's street team, I couldn't work the Lox (locks).
Now let's go.
Take 'em back to the plan...
Me and my momma hopped in the U-Haul van.
Any pessimists I ain't talked to them,
Plus, I ain't have no phone in my apartment.
Let's take 'em back to the club.
Least about an hour I would stand on line,
I just wanted to dance.
I went to Jacob an hour after I got my advance.
I just wanted to shine.
Jay's favorite line: "Dog, in due time"
Now he look at me, like "Damn, dog, you where I am"
A hip hop legend.
I think I died in an accident, cause this must be heaven.
[Kanye West]
They say your attitude determines your latitude
I'm high as a motherfucker - fly as a motherfucker
And still the motherfucker you love to hate
But can't - because you love what I make
Now ain't - that about a bitch
That Imma talk shit until I'm out of hits
They say your attitude determines your latitude
I'm high as a motherfucker - fly as a motherfucker
And still the motherfucker you love to hate
But can't - because you love what I make
[Drake]
But it's another story over here at Drake's house
'Cause I'm dripped up and I'm drapped out
And I'm lean back
Scoping
Looking for a woman that I should wife
Who got just the right amount of loyalty
Yeah but is still anticipating us living the good life
We go LA, VA
NY, TO
Sunshine in that heat stroke
And them fur hoods in that deep snow
We have breakfast in the bedroom
Break bread downstairs in the basement
I took my lifestyle from mediocre to good and now I say it's sittin at amazing'
Girls tryin sell a whole lobby of us
Hear em all screamin then it's probably is
But I can't blame females, females can't really ignore something this obvious
What you really expect when I strut through town
Two or three days I shut you down
[Kanye West]
They say your attitude determines your latitude
I'm high as a motherfucker - fly as a motherfucker
And still the motherfucker you love to hate
But can't - because you love what I make
Now ain't - that about a bitch
That Imma talk shit until I'm out of hits
They say your attitude determines your latitude
I'm high as a motherfucker - fly as a motherfucker
And still the motherfucker you love to hate
But can't - because you love what I make
[Lupe Fiasco]
guess who's on third?
Lupe still like Lupin the Third.
Hear life here till I'm beer on the curb
Peach fuzz buzz but beard on the verge
Slow it down like we're on the syrup
Bottle-shaped body like Mrs. Butterwerf
But, before you say another word,
I'm back on the block like I'm layin on the street.
I'm trying to stop lying like a Mum-Ra,
But I'm not lying when I'm laying on the beat.
Engarde, Touch Lupe cool as the Unthawed,
But I still feel as possessed as a gun charge.
I come as correct as a porn star,
In a fresh pair of steps and my best foreign car.
In a fresh pair of steps and my best foreign car.
[Kanye West]
They say your attitude determines your latitude
I'm high as a motherfucker - fly as a motherfucker
And still the motherfucker you love to hate
But can't - because you love what I make
Now ain't - that about a bitch
That Imma talk shit until I'm out of hits
They say your attitude determines your latitude
I'm high as a motherfucker - fly as a motherfucker
And still the motherfucker you love to hate
But can't - because you love what I make
In five,four,three,two
I know you see
Somehow the world will change for me
And be so wonderful
Live life,breathe air
I know somehow we're gonna get there
And feel so wonderful
I will make you change your mind
These things happen all the time
And it's all real
I'm telling you just how I feel
So wake up the members of my nation,
It's your time to be
There's no chance unless you take one every time
Just see the brighter side of every situation,
Some thing are meant to be
So give me your best and leave the rest to me
I know it's time
To raise the hand and draw the line
And be so wonderful
Golden sunshine
I know somehow it's gonna be mine
And be so wonderful
Show me what you can become
There's a dream in everyone
And it's all real
I'm telling you just how I feel
So wake up the members of my nation,
It's your time to be
There's no chance unless you take one every time
Just see the brighter side of every situation,
Some thing are meant to be
So give me your best and leave the rest to me
Leave it all to me
(Leave it all to me)
So make it right (Maybe your right) and see it through
(you gotta) know you won't be free until you
So wake up the members of my nation,
It's your time to be
There's no chance unless you take one every time
Just see the brighter side of every situation,
Some thing are meant to be
So give me your best and leave the rest to me
Leave it all to me
(Leave it all to me)
Leave it all to me
Just leave it all to me
Feel you, feel me
Our souls are connected
By you, I am
Spiritually infected
Touch me
You're touching yourself
I'm you,
And you are me as well.
Most of us do it to live
But some just live to do it
Either way,
We're all into this
Erotica revolution
Explode
Everybody let go
Come on now
What we need
Erotica revolution
Is to release
Erotica revolution
You want
You need
My elixir
You're fixed.
Love me
Feel me
In me both can exist
Wild, saint
Chaos and control
I am tattooed on your soul.
Most of us do it to live
But some just live to do it
Either way,
We're all into this
Erotica revolution
Explode
Everybody let go
Come on now
What we need
Erotica revolution
Is to release
Erotica revolution
Kush rolled, glass full, I prefer the better things
Niggas with no money act like money isn't everything
I'm having a good time haters tryna ruin it,
Shout out to the fact that I'm the youngest nigga doin' it
Cap on, brim bent, Denzel, Larry time
She ain't trying to pop that shit for pimp okay well never mind,
I I I tried to told you, drizzy still ain't nothin' nice
Bracelet saying you should quit, cars saying fuck ya life
Okay now we outta here
Toodles to you bitches
And if you dolled up
I got the voodoo for you bitches, yeah
I'm busy getting rich, I don't want trouble
I made enough for two niggas boy stunt double
Fame is like a drug that I've taken too much of
But I never ever trip
Just peace happiness and love
I got money in these jeans, so they fit me kinda snug
Plus the game is in my pocket, nigga this is what I does, ah!
I'm about whatever man
Fuck what they be talkin' about,
They opinion doesn't count,
We the only thing that matters (ooh)
So we do it how we do it
All up in your face, man, I hate to put you through it
I be up all night,
Whole crews in here
Cause I don't really know who I'm a lose this year (ow)
Man I love my team.
Man I love my team
I would die for them niggas, ow
Yo, Drizzy sayin' get her I'm a get her
I get the kind of money that make a broke bitch bitter
I got that kinda' wait wait fixate!
Which bitch you know made a million off a mixtape?
That was just a keep sake
Bought the president the Louie presidential briefcase
Never been a cheapskate
We got the Hawks I ain't talkin' about the peach state
Man for Pete's sake scratch that, sweep stakes
(ha ha ha ha)
Fuck I look like hoe
I look like yes and you like no
I'm a bad bitch I ain't never been a mixed breed.
I'm on a diet but I'm doing donuts in a six speed
M M M6 from a M-2
I see a lot of rap bitches on a menu
But I collect 100 thou at the venue
And pop bottles with the team young money til the death of me
I'm about whatever man.
Fuck what they be talking about,
They opinion doesn't count,
We the only thing that matters (ow)
So we do it how we do it
All up in your face, man, I hate to put you through it
I be up all night,
Whole crews in here
Cause I don't really know who I'm a lose this year (ow)
Man I love my team
Man I love my team
I would die for them niggas, ow
I mean we can't even rock them shoes if it ain't gotta comma on the price tag
I mean, I mean but then again who who looks at the price tag
Oh yeah we in this bitch
Ow, ow, ow
Oh yeah we in this bitch
Ow, ow, ow
I'm about whatever man
Fuck what they be talkin' about,
They opinion doesn't count,
We the only thing that matters (ooh)
So we do it how we do it
All up in your face, man, I hate to put you through it
I be up all night,
Whole crews in here
Cause I don't really know who I'm a lose this year (ow)
Man I love my team.
Man I love my team
I would die for them niggas, ow
I'm about whatever man
Fuck what they be talkin' about,
They opinion doesn't count,
We the only thing that matters (ooh)
So we do it how we do it
All up in your face, man, I hate to put you through it
I be up all night,
Whole crews in here
Cause I don't really know who I'm a lose this year (ow)
Man I love my team.
Man I love my team
I would die for them niggas, ow
R.I.P. to the girl you used to see./
Her days are over. Baby she's over./
I've decided to give you all of me./
Baby come closer, baby come closer./
I'm ready for ya!/
Kill 'em all, switch it up./
Put it on, zip it up./
Let my perfume, soak in in your sweater./
You say you'll be here soon, sooner the better./
No option for her, you sayin' no./
I run this game, just play your role./
Follow my lead, whatchu waitin' fo'?/
Thought it over and decided tonight is the night./
(Background voice)
Yeah I hear you talkin', don't know who you tryin' to flatter./
Got my mind made up. I-I-I'm ready for ya./
I'm in control, but with you bein' a man,/
You don't seem to understand that I-I-I'm ready for ya./
I-I-I'm ready for ya./
I-I-I'm ready for ya./
So keep thinkin' you the man,/
'Cause it's all part of my plan./
I-I-I'm ready for ya./
Nothin' on, I strut around./
I do it big, I shut it down./
I wonder if you'll be able to handle me./
Mental picture, no cameras please./
(Background voice)
ca-ha-han you fee-hee-heel my ha-ha-ha-ha-heart is beatin'
[Drake - Verse]
uh, red lipstick on the wine glass cameras in my mind,
flash, black lines aray white diamonds, what a contrast,
i know you get impatient as the time pass, you say you want it fast,
define fast, cause i can speed it up, and make it last
and i could audition for this, and i could be part of the cast
and i could produce for your future, i could co-direct your past,
and make damn sure you never forget it, commited, im ready, im with it
still here like a statue, pink champagne, green ink in your tattoos,
you say you got bagges, well im packed too, plus i got a sex pistol,
pointed right at you "BAM!", the baddest women ever in the heart of south,
proven over and over again thats why im hard to doubt, plus im
young money 'till the death, i took the carter route
im more than ready too, hope of something that you thought about
[Chorus]
[End]
You could thank me now
Uh, go 'head
Thank me later yeah I know what I said
But later doesn't always come so instead
It's o-okay,
You could thank me now
Uh, yeah, well alright, here I go
Mahalo from the hardest act to follow
Lately I've been drinking like there's a message in a bottle
Aloha's to women with no ties
To men that I know well
That way there are no lies
You could thank me now for all the info I give to you niggas
I'm on the brink of influential
I'm here for you niggas
I guess a hit doesn't add up to a career for you niggas
I must have been hard to watch,
What a year for you niggas
It's December 31st and we in Miami just meditating
You got the resolutions, we just got reservations
Living out a dream, it feels like I stayed up
And we just wanna party, patron straight up
Fuck that old shit, I'm on new things
O-V-O clique, Red wing boot gang
Yeah we want it all, half was never the agreement
Who'd thought the route we chose would ever end up this scenic
I could relate to kids going straight to the league
When they recognize that you got what it takes to succeed
And that's around the time that your idols become your rivals
You make friends with Mike but gotta AI him for your survival
Damn, I swear sports and music are so synonymous
'cause we wanna be them and they wanna be us
Yeah so on behalf of the demanded
And the entertainment that you take for granted
You could thank me now,
And oh my goodness you're welcome
You're welcome
At this point me is who I'm trying to save myself from
Rappers hit me up and I never know what to tell them
Cause they think that I can help them get back to where they fell from
But drink up because everyone here is good tonight
Except the niggas that I came with, they good for life
Yeah, that's how you know it's going down
In case another chance never comes around
You could thank me now
Uh, go 'head
Thank me later yeah I know what I said
But later doesn't always come so instead
It's o-okay,
You could thank me now
Uh, shallow nigga but deep enough to have gone swimming
I think I'm spending all my time with the wrong women
I think I have a chance at love but knowing me I miss it
Cause me dedicating my time just isn't realistic
Man the good girls went silent on me
They got a boyfriend or left for college on me
And all the bad ones I used to hit her friends now
That make me wish I had a little less mileage on me
But do I ever come up in discussion over double pump latte's
And low fat muffin's, do I?
Or is missing what we had outta the question
I'm probably just the reason that you learned your lesson
I got flows for the Marilyn Monroe's who's there before it all
I guess that's how it goes
They hear about your cons or focus on your pro's
And love you for who you are from the bottom of their soul
But those same ones from your area will grow
Into women that are ready to get married at hello
Because of what they allow
Where are they all now
I know there somewhere watching so I'm trying to make them proud
Searching for the meaning
You'll find it next to me
And tell me I'm the hottest, guess we finally get to see
I'm feeling like Nas who am I to disagree
They say that doors open up as soon as you find the missing key
It's probably why I'm in this bitch shining
Jump up in the sky and put the stars into alignment
I rep the A-T-F in case you need to be reminded
And the bandwagons full but you can try and run behind it
I'm sorry, poolside drinking
Margarita rounds
Shout out to my city though I hardly be in town
I'm the Black Sheep, but Chris Farley wears the crown
And I know life is just a game in which the cards are facing down
I'm in the world where things are taken, never given
How long they choose to love you will never be your decision
And I'm aware that this could be the last time you listen
So while I'm still here in this position
[Chorus]
I gotta be honest, I think you know
We're covered in lies, and that's okay
There's somewhere beyond this, I know
But I hope I can find the words to say [x2]
Yeah, normally, it ain't a question
We would cross paths like an intersection
But she just too far away for affection
So I pray that we never lose the connection
'Cause I remember Stacy, she probably hate me
She used to threaten she had a man to replace me
She talked that shit, I just hit the escape key
And then she'd get mad and want to go and erase me
And I remember Amy, she used to AIM me
She stayed up late, and used to blame me
She say I'm too wild, she wanna tame me
I told her 'Even Photoshop couldn't change me'
But you-you-you You got me open, girl, why lie?
We ain't even tryin' to settle, so why try?
End the night with a kiss and a bye-bye
No strings attached, your love is so WiFi
[Chorus]
I gotta be honest, I think you know
We're covered in lies, and that's okay
There's somewhere beyond this, I know
But I hope I can find the words to say
My freak girl tell me now she a christian
My white girl wanna move back to Michigan
I'm pullin girls off the bench like a "sixth-man"
I'm in the club doin the same ol' two step
While Omegas doin the same ol' que step
I had my money on my mind I was thinkin green
She a pledge, AKA she was pink and green
I wanna good girl, she want a gentleman
We sayin' the same thing like a synonym
I wasn't really spittin game I was scrimmigin
My pimpinship so hard it needs censorship
I'ma chicagoan till Chicago ends
Till we blow like Chicago wind
I don't know what's better, gettin laid or gettin paid
I just know I'ma gettin one, the other's gettin away
I've been up for four days
Getting money both ways
Dirty and clean, I could use a glass of cold spades
Rolexes, chauffeurs and low fades
I keep thinking how young you can die from old age
They always tell me nobody's working as hard as you
And even though I laugh it off, man, it's probably true
Cause while all of my closest friends out partying
I'm just here making all the music that they party to
But party on, party on, all night nigga
I got these new rappers nervous prom night nigga
I've grown tired of these fucking grown man liars
Storytellers, they ain't even need a campfire
Uh, but I just wanna tell the truth
Before one of these haters load a couple shells and shoot
This shit feel like when Fredro Starr was at Sunset Park
Stuntin' hard in his yellow Goose
Yeah, but I'm a ma'fuckin' missed target
But a target nonetheless and I just started
Was that directed at moi? Can't be
They must be talking to themselves hoe, hands free
Yeah, and I'm just filling up this daily planner
Gettin' busy 'cause I'm a star, no spangled banner
Jealous dudes get to talkin' in they music
And I just say I wrote it for your girlfriends, Kelsey Grammar
Yeah, that's what life becomes when you're doing you
Welcome to Hollywood, don't let this town ruin you,
And if you pillow talking with the women that are screwin' you
Just know that she gon' tell another nigga when she through wit' you
Don't get impatient when it takes too long
Drink it all even when it tastes too strong
Yeah, I gotta feel alive, even if it kills me
Promise to always give you me, the real me
Who would have thought
I'd be caught in this life?
Let's celebrate with a toast
And get lost in tonight
And make it all light up
(Hey, Guru, tell home girl to go to open that Ace right there),
Wait until the sun goes down
We gon' make this bitch light up
Even when the sun goes down
I'm gon' make this go
Ow, hoes turn they heads like, owls
I'm the man of the hour
Triple entendre, don't even ask me how
Con Edison flow, I'm connected to a higher power
Bright life'd make your whole city light up
A trillion-watt light bulb, when I'm in the nightclub
I just landed in that G450
Caught the Mayweather fight, 'cause the satellite was crispy
(Uh) Y'all can miss me with that money talk
The smart money's on Hov, fuck what the dummies talk
I don't do too much blogging
I just run the town, I don't do too much joggin'
(Uh) I ain't got a scar yet
'Cause you fuckin' around with me and my dogs is far-fetched
Drake, here is how they gon' come at you
Will silly raps feuds tryin' to distract you
In disguise, in the form of a favor
The Barzini me, watch for the traitors
(Uh) I done seen it all, done it all
That's why none of these dumb-dumb could dun him off
The summer's ours, the winter too
Top down in the winter, that's what winners do
And to these niggas I'm like Windows 7
You let 'em tell it, they swear that they invented you
And since no good deed go unpunished
I'm not as cool with niggas as I once was
I once was, cool as The Fonz was
But these bright lights turned me to a monster
Sorry, mama, I promised it wouldn't change me
But I would've went insane had I remained the same me
Fuck niggas, bitches too
All I got is this money, this'll do
Who would have thought
I'd be caught in this life?
Let's celebrate with a toast
And get lost in tonight
And make it all light up
Wait until the sun goes down
We gon' make this bitch light up
Wait until the sun goes down
I'm gon' make this go
Go
Go 'head
Go go go 'head
Go go go go go go 'head
Go go go go go go 'head
Oh you fancy huh?
Oh you fancy huh?
Oh you fancy huh?
Oh you fancy huh?
Nail done, hair done, every thing did
Nails done, hair done, everything d'
Oh you fancy huh?
Oh you fancy huh?
You you fancy huh?
Oh you fancy huh?
Nail done, hair done, everything big
Nails done, hair done, everything big
Oh you fancy huh?
You gettin' ready so I know we gon' be here awhile
In the bathroom flat irons and nail files
Spending hours in salons on your hairstyles
In the mall steady rackin' up the air miles
Hit the gym step on the scales stare at the number
You say you dropping 10 pounds preparing for summer
And you don't do it for the man, men never notice
You just do it for yourself you're the fucking coldest
Intelligent too ooh you're my sweetheart
I've always liked my women book and street smart
Long as they got a little class like half days
And the confidence to overlook my past ways
Time heals all, and heels hurt to walk in
But they go with the clutch that you carry your lip gloss in
And look I really think that nobody does it better
I love the way you put it together, ugh
Oh you fancy huh?
Oh you fancy huh?
Oh you fancy huh?
Oh you fancy huh?
Nail done, hair done, every thing did
Nails done, hair done, everything d'
Oh you fancy huh?
Oh you fancy huh?
You you fancy huh?
Oh you fancy huh?
Nail done, hair done, every thing did
Nails done, hair done, everything d'
Oh you fancy huh?
Well aren't you a breath of fresh air
From all these superficial gold digging bitches in here
They get a baller figure they ain't got to pick a career
Guess they plan on sucking somes dicks until some millions appear
Voila! you do it right he just might buy you a car
Unless you play these suckers just like B.o.B play the guitar
Now here you are, with your girls having drinks at the bar
I say I'm buying, you declinin' I think that's kinda bizarre
Independent with the demeanor of an R n' B singer
Naked ring finger (check)
M-3 beamer (check)
Champagne range
Triple white Jag
Closet full of brand new clothes and hand bags
Alexander McQueen, Prada, Gucci, Chanel
D&G;, BCBG, Versace, Louie and Bebe
Ya don't need it greedy or easy as these other breezy's
Who fuck for balls or reason or bowls of baked ziti
Oh you fancy huh?
Oh you fancy huh?
Oh you fancy huh?
Oh you fancy huh?
Nail done, hair done, every thing did
Nails done, hair done, everything d'
Oh you fancy huh?
Oh you fancy huh?
You you fancy huh?
Oh you fancy huh?
Nail done, hair done, every thing did
Nails done, hair done, everything d'
Oh you fancy huh?
Atlanta girls, let me see your hands
Wave 'em at the bitches hatin' on you with they friends
Girl you got it
Let 'em know everything big
Nails done hairs done, everything big
And my N-Y girls let me see your hands
Wave 'em at the bitches hating on you with they friends
Girl you got it
Let 'em know everything big
Nails done hair done, everything big
And my L-A girls, let me see your hands
Wave 'em at the bitches hating on you with they friends
Girl you got it
Let 'em know everything big
Nails done hair done, everything big
And my T-O girls, let me see your hands
Wave em at the bitches hating on you with they friends
Girl you got it
Let em know everything big
Nails done hair done, nails done hair done
Say go Cinderella
Go Cinderella
Orgasm blush
Lipstick 'n concealer
Devil in a tight dress
Girl you a killer and ain't nobody realer
And ain't nobody realer, go, go, go, go, go
Go, go, go,
Showtime
Go, go, go, go,
As we proceed.
Uh, 5 and a half and boys
Ass is off the hook
Cinderella bout to lose the glass off her foot
And when I find it, is when I find you
And we can do the things we never got the time to
Better late than never,
But never late is better
They tell me time is money, well we'll spend it together
I'm down for whatever
You just lead the way
We go to dinner you don't even look at me to pay
Mature women with more than me were the first to tempt me
And Jason had this girl Tammy with a purple Bentley
How she got it I ain't never get to ask
I just knew that she was fine like a ticket on the dash
Yeah, but shout out to the homeowners
The girls that got diplomas
And enough money to loan us, a little something extra
Should we ever need it
If it sounds like you then let me hear you repeat it
Oh you fancy huh?
Oh you fancy huh?
Oh you fancy huh?
Oh you fancy huh?
Nail done, hair done, every thing did
Nails done, hair done, everything d'
Oh you fancy huh?
Oh you fancy huh?
You you fancy huh?
Oh you fancy huh?
Nail done, hair done, every thing did
Nails done, hair done, everything d'
Oh you fancy (fancy)
High rollers, what's up?
Drinks Houston, what's up?
Onyx, what's up?
You does it baby you does it baby
Harlem nights, what's up?
Treasures, what's up?
Legends, what's up?
Just love me baby just love me baby
Yeah (yeah)
To all my Houston Texas country muffins
Baby let me hit that liquor and that blunt you puffin'
And after that I'm a throw that fuckin' "young money" up
And we can both watch it fall like it's bungee jumpin'
Man I'm so high,
next time we won't smoke all of that ounce you buy
Ooh, I almost forgot to blow the candles out
'Cause I don't really want to fall asleep and light this house on fire
Goodnight, I'm still up, I told my girl to lay down
I see the bottle is full, I'm 'bout to drink it way down
What up Bun my nigga?
Man you know we stay down
And I'm an honorary resident in U.G.K. town
I'm on my way
Yeah I'm on my way
I never give a fuck about what any nigga say
The music all slow and the bitches all pretty
Me and Pimp about to do it for the city in this thing
[Chorus]
What up? What up?
H-Town in this bitch
What up? What up?
Me and Pimp about to do it for the city
What up? What up?
What up? What up?
Money by the ton
Bricks from crumbs
Millionaire from nothin'
Mind on hustlin'
Pussy a commodity but a dick sell better
Went from Dickies and high shoes to a cashmere sweater
Paint that got wetter than it was in '94
The drink that got thicker and the dirt weed rolled
'96 Impala with the stick on the floor
Now its Bentley four doors with Madrona on the door
Thats light wood nigga, Polo fuck Hilfiger
Jammin' Slim Thug, belly fulla of drugs
Young hard nigga, underdog nigga
Miller lights on the ground cause through the fall pussy nigga
Yellow diamonds on my finger
Playin' in the car
My dick wanna fuck but my pockets say stop
Not 'cause they empty I'm just greedy for some mo'
I need some mo' dough I'm a P.I.M.P. fo' sho'
[Chorus]
Well its the trill O.G.
I got the neighborhood soul
Kush is dead I'm gettin' blowed
Ridin', bangin', gettin' throwed in the candy painted low
Chrome grill in front of it
Belts on the back of it, my homie shoes runnin' shit
And shorty on the side of me is straight up off the King cover
Don't care what anybody say long as the king love her
Wish I could tell her that I don't but it would kill her
I just keep on grippin' grains, drippin' stains
Bein' trilla, ain't another brotha realer
Blowin' thousand dollar killa
With that Filipino flow that I just got it from Manila
'Bout to snow up in my city
So let me put on my chinchilla
In the 'Rari doin' donuts like my name was J. Dilla
All about the skrilla so just point me to the dealer
Keep the work up in the attic and the money in the cella'
Your girl up in the second automatics for the fella's
You see us in the back than all you gotta do is tell us
What up? What up?
H-Town in this bitch
What up? What up?
H-Town in this bitch
What up? What up?
H-Town in this bitch
What up? What up?
Me and Pimp about to do it for the city
These girls ain't got nothin' on you
Uh, say baby I had to mention
That if you were a star you'd be the one I'm searching for
Other girls they, got attention
But I just always feel like there in need of something you got
It's obvious you are pretty
Heard that your a student working weekends in the city
Trying to take you out girl, hope your not too busy
And if there's nothing wrong, got this little song
For you to get ready to
Put those fucking heels on and work it girl
Let that mirror show you what your doing
Put that fucking dress on and work it kind of vicious
Like somebody's taking pictures
Shut it down down down
You would shut it down down down
You be the baddest girl around round round
And they notice they notice
You would shut it down down down
You would shut it down down down
You be the baddest girl around round round
And they notice they notice
You would shut it, hey oh
These girls ain't got nothing on you nothin' on you
Aint got nothing on ya,
They ain't got nothing on ya
Killer killer
Girl you're the greatest
And if he say you ain't
Girl he's out his mind
You're the finest
And if he say you ain't
That boy done lost his mind
Hey baby, every time you come around
Shut it down like computers
Hey lady, step into my heart
And put you in the louboutins,
What you want
What you need
I can be
Your everything
Them other niggas
Just wanna hit it but if they had it
Wouldn't know what to do with it
(and together)
We shut it down down down down
They know we shut it down down down
Your the baddest girl around round round
They notice, they notice
We shut it down down down down
You would shut it down down down
Til you finally come around round round
They notice, they notice
Shut it down
T-M-Z, concrete 'oop
You shut that shut that down down
Ice cream conversations they all want the scoop
You shut that shut that down down down
Shooting stars all around her, fire, comets.
I could bring her through and shut them down, Onyx
No, you're not imagining, they're looking at you long stares
Even though she's standing out she looks like she belongs here
You feel the hours pass, until you find somethin'
I feel like when she moves, the time doesn't
Yeah, baby you finer than your fine cousin
And your cousin fine, but she don't have my heart beating in double time
You just shut it down, girl
Who told the cops where the party was?
Why do I feel like I found The One?
What's in these shots that you ordered us?
Damn, I mean you sure know how to paint a town
Ever since you came around its obvious you shut it down
You shut that shit down (down down down)
You shut it down (down down down)
You shut it down (down down down)
You shut it down (down down down)
You shut it down (down down down)
You shut it, oh
They notice, they notice
You lookin' good girl
Go go go get 'em girl,
Go go go go hit 'em girl
Go go go go go go
You lookin' good girl
Go go go get 'em girl,
Go go go go hit 'em girl
Go go go go go go
You shut it down
The way I'm feelin'
Things I say
All just happen
When you pass my way
What can I do
To make you stay?
I know it's gettin' late
But girl I don't want you to leave
You tell me you're just not the type
You wanna do this right
And I'm not tryna say I don't believe you
But I refuse to feel ashamed
And if you feel the same
This wait ain't really make us better people
Take those fuckin' heels off, it's worth it girl
Nothin' is what I can picture you in
So take that fuckin' dress off, I swear you won't forget me
You'll be happy that you let me lay you down down down
I'm tryna lay you down down down
You still the baddest girl around round round
They notice they notice
Let me lay you down down down
Tryna lay you down down down
You still the baddest girl around round round
And they notice they notice
You would shut it
Uh, I am a distraction,
Comin' from my spot and I dont signal as I back in.
If cash is beautiful and money is attraction
Then I should be a motherfuckin' centerfold to Maxim.
Open to my page and admire my desire,
Frequent flyer I aspire to retire,
My voice stands alone even if I'm with the choir,
Got a cannon on my hip but nigga this is not Mariah.
Nah, this the record killer for hire.
I sleep and eat with the weapon, the beat is all I require,
Look what I created despite the niggas that hated,
Every single bar gettin first forty-eighted
In the state of euphoria feelin so sedated.
The me and bitch the same we feeling so related,
Forest Hill estated or Dennis Caded
I put a thousand on it, I could prolly fuck the waitress.
So wait just take this,
One line at a time, make sure it makes sense
White cup, orange pop Tennessee State shit
Drop a four in it and appreciate the greatness, nigga haha
Yeah, I wrote this verse sittin in my new car,
Sometimes where you headed is too far,
It's more about where you are.
And I am everywhere that you wish you could be
Somebody somewhere just really understood me
Yeah, I dream big, no false hope
My other niggas move keys, no off notes
But understand rich is how we're all ending up,
I'm at the label in the elevator,
Send them up
All my niggas so hungry, man they just eat what they kill
I like convertible Bentleys and houses deep in the Hills
I might tell the whole crew come through
My squad gotta roll through come through
Tell the young high school kids keep dreamin'
Because they sure do come true
Then I say, this that fuckin' mob shit, this that fuckin' player shit
This that shake a bottle up and bust the top and spray the shit
Bitches gettin' dugout like where all the fuckin' players sit
And like you just got traded, girl
You don't know who you're playin' with
Oh yeah, oh yeah, my sound is what up right now
I've been down, but I'm up right now
Nigga been backstrokin' and breaststrokin'
Through that lane that you left open
Man I don't give a fuck right now
Let a nigga swim in the pussy on the low
'Bout to go drown in the cup right now, holla
I don't know what it was about you
Like blue you left me without a clue
(I pictured the fate, is it true?)
'Cause I try to make this shit work
(But it seems like is it your feelings
You kept them hatin' bitches all in our business)
But I just got one question baby, tell me why?
I Started from the bottom like Drake said, high
You the type of nigga gettin' robbed on a blind date, my squad'll
Kick in your door where that safe at
No Atari, games girl I don't play that
If she broke on that nutshell
Everything I say I follow (What you talkin' 'bout?)
Ummm, Polo shirt, my collar up
Drippin' on these hoes
Ain't by myself, it's a lot of us
Made a little money, still ain't got enough
And if you got a nigga dead, put your lighter up
Keep my eyes open, don't say nothin'
Motor geeked up like a raisin
You don't know me, you must mistake me
For somebody else
But it's somethin' about you that I fell in love with
Your ex nigga, fuck him
I had to tell her that
I don't know what it was about you
Like blue you left me without a clue
(I pictured the fate, is it true?)
'Cause I try to make this shit work
(But it seems like is it your feelings
You kept them hatin' bitches all in our business)
But I just got one question baby, tell me why?
Jhene:
woahhhhhh, woahhhh, ohhhhhhh
ahhhhhh, mhmmmmmmm, ahhh, ohhh,
woah woah woahh ahhhh
Drake:
Yea, that's it , uh
This verse starts as my snipers hit their marks,
And your guards fall down from a rifle to the heart.
Like clap clap let them fall slow,
I know you had your fears you could let them all go.
And most women are motivated so I act accordingly,
But this is so refreshing that it means a little more to me.
Dedicating time when I really cant afford to be.
I provide protection if you open up the door for me.
Couple stares, couple texts, couple dates,
Couple i think that were ready's couple I think we should wait's.
Are we actin' like a couple I'm just tryna get it straight,
Cause I'm over here convinced that its too early for mistakes.
Chorus:
You had to change up the game,
Oh the weather is not same,
Now there's only cloudy days,
I can't stand the rain in July.
There were fireworks exploding,
But now its getting colder.
The leaves are turning colors,
Whyyyyyy?
It's just not our season,
The one and only reason,
Baby oh, baby oh, our Summer turned into Fall.
Drake:
Damn, tell where did all the magic go?
I followed the rules and told you everything you had to know.
Had you over every night,
Every night was passionate.
Plus you met my mother even if it was an accident.
I'm confused tell me where we go wrong,
I was sure I would be with you for so long.
I was planning on this being something worth mentioning,
Energy invested in someone I saw potential in.
Who killed chivalry they need to get their sentencing,
Meanwhile were arguing and I cant get a sentence in.
And just as I predict that here we go again,
They always say the hottest love has the coldest end.
[Chorus]
Jhene:
See, its funny cause, I never thought this would end,
But then the season changed.
Drake:
You were my, you were my, you were my girl.
Jhene:
I was your girl.
Drake:
Shoulda made, shoulda made you my world,
Shoulda did everything to make you happy baby.
Jhene:
Can't wait for [4x] springtime,
And I will turn into a butterfly,
I will spread my wings and fly,
Fly,
And I'm too fly for this shit,
Fly[2x],
Oooohohhhhoohh,
I am Japanese if you please.
(Let's go... Well alright... Well alright... yo)
Look uhn, feelin sorry for the runner-up
I'm still awake gettin money when the sun is up
And they keep sayin how they need me to deliver
Cuz they hate it when them rookie starters can put the numbers up.
Man haters' so passe catch me in a tie or a suit on Draft day nigga
And it's just me and my money.
You don't even get to play when y'all are leadin by 20.
Yeah. I infiltrated the game.
I was hesitant at first then feared what it would change.
Now I'm high off the success and faded off of the fame
And still I managed to keep all of my opinions the same.
Man I am so far gone, bitch I'm outta here
Hotter than standin inside rockin outter-ware
I want it all man, I never learned how to share
I also can no longer converse wit you, thousand-aires.
Wow! I swear I'm killin shit. I'm killin shit.
Shoutout to the niggas I just made a couple million wit. Yeah.
From the beginning to the end, no I'm into makin history not into makin friends muthafucka, I...
How did I end up right here with you
After all the things that I been through
Its been one of those days
You tryin' forget about
Take a shot and let it out
Let's get right
Now that I'm here baby
Show me a good time
(oh yeah, oh yeah)
Show me a good time
(oh yeah, oh yeah)
Show me a good
Show me a good
Show me a good time
(oh yeah, oh yeah)
I live for the nights that I can't remember,
With the people that I won't forget
Spending all the money I just work my ass off
For the things that I won't regret
I've been waiting way too long long long long
Tellin' everybody that I know we about to be on on on on
I ain't tryin' look like I lie to these niggas that I came up with
That's my team, never would I let a woman come between
What we doing right now
This our dream, Wu Tang Clan niggas want that cream
I'm the Osirus of the shit right now
Go to god for the hits right now
Whatever you wanna drink girl pick right now
If you can't hold your liquor you better quit right now
How did I end up right here with you
After all the things that I been through
Its been one of those days
You tryin' forget about
Take a shot and let it out
Let's get right
Now that I'm here baby
Show me a good time
(oh yeah, oh yeah)
Show me a good time
(oh yeah, oh yeah)
Show me a good
Show me a good
Show me a good time
(oh yeah, oh yeah)
How 'bout you and all your morals and that outfit that you borrowed
Make the most out of tonight and worry 'bout it all tomorrow
Understand girl, we fam' girl
Can't get me right and not do Wayne
Cash money young money pop champagne
Presidential suite girl Barrack Hussain
Tell me can we kick it like Ali Shaheed and Phife Dawg
People really hate when a backpack rapper get rich
And start livin' that life dawg
Feels like when you gettin' to that paper hip hop hates ya
They would do it just like I do if they could
Its in our nature
Ah, young and rich and out of control
Out in LA blowing clouds of that killer
I came up in the underground though
So I'm a spend another ten thousand for Dilla
Call me over-rated or created or too jaded
Because any way you put it bitch I made it, yup!
How did I end up right here with you
After all the things that I been through
Its been one of those days
You tryin' forget about
Take a shot and let it out
Let's get right
Now that I'm here baby
Show me a good time
(oh yeah, oh yeah)
Show me a good time
(oh yeah, oh yeah)
Show me a good
Show me a good
Show me a good time
(oh yeah, oh yeah)
Show me a good time
(oh yeah, oh yeah)
Show me a good time
(oh yeah, oh yeah)
Show me a good
Show me a good
Show me a good time
(oh yeah, oh yeah)
The only thing I'm seeing I'd like to put an amend on,
Perhaps a little more room here for the fixins.
You know what I'm talkin' bout?
Ooh, we gon' have a lot of fixins.
We gonna have so many fucking fixins up in this motherfuckers,
This shit gon' go through the roof (ooh)
God damn I'm shittin' gold these days
Soulja Boy, Drake
Oh, we made it
Turn me up just a little bit in the headphone
Worldwide
International
Nigga we made it, aye
We made it
Nigga we made it, aye
Damn, we made it
Nigga we made it, aye
We made it, aye
Nigga we made it, aye
We made it
Yeah
She said she workin' for Walgreens but not in the store, at the head office
The head was so good it make sense why you work at the head office
In 2007 I sat in a lobby in Motown and waited
Now I walk into the buildin' and go off like "Nigga we made it!"
When I walk through these halls, man this beat should be playin'
I just came to make sure you not missin' no payments
Now turn this shit down while I issue my statement
It needed a moment of silence, nigga we made it!
You fly out your lady, I fly out my ladies
Bitches can't front on the kid anymore, man they know what my name is
And if by chance she don't know who I am, she just know that I'm famous
Imma just hand her a business card and say "Nigga we made it!"
And she gotta come to the hotel and pop it off for me
Then she gon' text her best friend like "Girl he got some good dick and money"
Her friend hit her back like "I know that already, that nigga's amazin'"
Then I send a message to both of they asses like "Nigga we made it!"
Kinda makes me wonder
Why the hell so many people are tryna tell me to slow down.
Seems like motherfuckers should be shuttin' the hell up and enjoyin' the show
Aye
We made it
Nigga we made it, aye
Damn we made it
Nigga we made it, aye
We made it, aye
Nigga we made it, aye
We made it
Yeah
If they with me, just know that they wit' it and 'bout it
If I said it, I meant it, it's no way around it
OVO, Reps Up, and P. Reign is next up, watch Gway go crazy
When Baka came home for the holidays, I was like "Nigga we made it!"
And all of those lawyer fees, nigga I paid it
My family get all of my loyalty, all of my patience
My life for your life, man I wouldn't trade it
I would just look at you dead in the face and say "Nigga we made it!"
I swear that we made it, sell out that thing, I'm the king in Jamaica
But I've been on that wave, that's why this year I tell yah, I don't need no favors
(Damn, Soulja Boy stunt on them haters)
And my resolution for New Years is nigga we made it!
You don't know how long I waited
I coulda been waitin' on tables, my karma's amazin'
I'm out in the Caymans
Rented a 12-bedroom house just to sleep all the women we came with
That's ignorant, ain't it?
Sometimes I question myself when I think 'bout the pictures I painted
Then I pick up my brush and I sign at the bottom
Like "Nigga we made it!"
Aye
We made it
Nigga we made it, aye
Damn we made it
How long spent in the hood
Tellin' my partner
And my momma, everything gonna be all good
Nigga we made it!
Damn
I'm up in Las Vegas
Damn, I never was supposed to have shit
Now my life is lavish
Every night, fuckin' a bad bitch,
Nigga we made it!
Coppin' a Lambo, cash,
The Bentley, 2 times I crashed
Nigga we made it!
Look at them niggas' faces, them niggas, they hate it
I look a nigga in his face and say "Nigga we made it!"
Soulja Boy stunt on them haters
And these days I don't need no favors
Nigga we made it!
You already know man
Phone call back to the old hood see whats going on
Br br, nigga we made it
Girl, do whatever you like it's your bar
Oh girl, tonight it's on me
Baby tell me what you want
[Rap - Rich Boy]
Me in the zone, gon' a patron
In a club, in a club, playin her song
That's when I slowy approach
She like daddy what you know.
Told the girl (on my drink)
Then she drop it down low
To the floor, to the floor
She took it to the floor
(repeat 3x)
[Drake]
Ok, Ok, Sittin' in a owners box
Or in the Caribbean twitin' off Corona tops
I'm sittin' down hittin' half court flowter shot
B*tches takin' pictres because every night's a photo op.
Yeah, and nothing has been photoshopped
I say I'mma buy the bar and they say n*gga no you're not
I be satisfied with the percentage that my lawyer got
Makin' other people rich is something I enjoy alot
Uh, can you tell even when your girl won't
I'mma still be feelin' me even when the world don't
Sh*t just changed forever first I get alot of dough
Then I end up with your woman that's just how it's gotta go
Yeah, and i can tell her things and treat her right
You can get whatever baby remember you and me tonight
Throw the p*ssy at me guarentee that you won't see a strike
I'mma hit it hard you gon' think you Derek Jeter wife
Uh, tell me, how does that sound?
I can get it ass up and with your back down
Spit that all suki suki in your ear
It's the n*gga Rich Boy and the rookie of the year
Money just changed everything, I wonder how life without it would go
From the concrete who knew that a flower would grow
Lookin' down from the top and its crowded below
My fifteen minutes started an hour ago
Truth over fame, you know I respect the blatant sh!t
When I hear talkin', I just don't know what to make of it
Hate is so familiar to me, I'm slowly embracing it
Doesn't come natural, bear with me it could take a bit
Yeah, and my dreams who I'm racing with
You can see I'm pacin' it so that I'm always chasin' it
Wayne put me right here, that's who I get the paper with
I hope that my success never alters our relationship
Yeah, this life is something I would die for
Octobers Own, but its lookin' like July 4th
I just wish they'd let you try it first
This time I'm really goin' off, fireworks
Today it begins
I missed them before, but won't miss them again
I keep having the same dream
And I think I just realized what it means.
All I see is fireworks, all I see is fireworks
Every night its fireworks every night its fireworks
All I see is fireworks all I see is fireworks
Taking off like fireworks takin' off like oh-ah-oh-oh
I'm just such a gentleman you should give it up for me
Look at how I'm placing all my napkins and my cutlery
I can tell it wasn't love I just thought you fuck with me
Who coulda predicted love could strike now you stuck with me
Damn I kept my wits about me luckily
What happened between us that night it always seems to trouble me
Now all of a sudden these gossip brags wanna cover me
And you making it seem that it happened that way because of me
But I was curious and I'll never forget it baby
What an experience you coulda been the one but it wasn't that serious
Their was smoke in the air before now its me clearing it
That felt good, all and all I learned a lesson from it though
You never see it coming you just get to see it go
Yeah I shoulda looked up in the sky at first
Now I can see it in her eyes, fireworks!
Today it begins
I missed them before, but won't miss them again
I keep having the same dream
And I think I just realized what it means.
All I see is fireworks, all I see is fireworks
Every night its fireworks every night its fireworks
All I see is fireworks all I see is fireworks
Taking off like fireworks takin' off like oh-ah-oh-oh
Everything the same but it feels different
My dad called me up knowing that I still listen
And he's still got his foot out, guilt trippin'
It's been years, though, I just learn to deal with it
For real, me and my realtor we built up a better rapport
Got my mother in a place with some better decor
She searched the entire city I let her explore
Ant now she's sayin' she's more lonely than every before
How many of our parents' marriages lasted?
I was only five, I bet I barely reacted
I'm flying back home for the heritage classic
Searchin' for that feeling, tell me where is the magic?
Let's stay together 'til we're ghosts
I want to witness love, I've never seen it close
Yeah, but I guess I gotta find it first
That's why I'm really going off, Fireworks
Today it begins
I missed them before, but won't miss them again
I keep having the same dream
And I think I just realized what it means.
All I see is fireworks, all I see is fireworks
Every night its fireworks every night its fireworks
All I see is fireworks all I see is fireworks
Taking off like fireworks takin' off like oh-ah-oh-oh
You could thank me now
Uh, go 'head
Thank me later yeah I know what I said
But later doesn't always come so instead
It's o-okay,
You could thank me now
Uh, yeah, well alright, here I go
Mahalo from the hardest act to follow
Lately I've been drinking like there's a message in a bottle
Aloha's to women with no ties
To men that I know well
That way there are no lies
You could thank me now for all the info I give to you niggas
I'm on the brink of influential
I'm here for you niggas
I guess a hit doesn't add up to a career for you niggas
I must have been hard to watch,
What a year for you niggas
It's December 31st and we in Miami just meditating
You got the resolutions, we just got reservations
Living out a dream, it feels like I stayed up
And we just wanna party, patron straight up
Fuck that old shit, I'm on new things
O-V-O clique, Red wing boot gang
Yeah we want it all, half was never the agreement
Who'd thought the route we chose would ever end up this scenic
I could relate to kids going straight to the league
When they recognize that you got what it takes to succeed
And that's around the time that your idols become your rivals
You make friends with Mike but gotta AI him for your survival
Damn, I swear sports and music are so synonymous
'cause we wanna be them and they wanna be us
Yeah so on behalf of the demanded
And the entertainment that you take for granted
You could thank me now,
And oh my goodness you're welcome
You're welcome
At this point me is who I'm trying to save myself from
Rappers hit me up and I never know what to tell them
Cause they think that I can help them get back to where they fell from
But drink up because everyone here is good tonight
Except the niggas that I came with, they good for life
Yeah, that's how you know it's going down
In case another chance never comes around
You could thank me now
Uh, go 'head
Thank me later yeah I know what I said
But later doesn't always come so instead
It's o-okay,
You could thank me now
Uh, shallow nigga but deep enough to have gone swimming
I think I'm spending all my time with the wrong women
I think I have a chance at love but knowing me I miss it
Cause me dedicating my time just isn't realistic
Man the good girls went silent on me
They got a boyfriend or left for college on me
And all the bad ones I used to hit her friends now
That make me wish I had a little less mileage on me
But do I ever come up in discussion over double pump latte's
And low fat muffin's, do I?
Or is missing what we had outta the question
I'm probably just the reason that you learned your lesson
I got flows for the Marilyn Monroe's who's there before it all
I guess that's how it goes
They hear about your cons or focus on your pro's
And love you for who you are from the bottom of their soul
But those same ones from your area will grow
Into women that are ready to get married at hello
Because of what they allow
Where are they all now
I know there somewhere watching so I'm trying to make them proud
Searching for the meaning
You'll find it next to me
And tell me I'm the hottest, guess we finally get to see
I'm feeling like Nas who am I to disagree
They say that doors open up as soon as you find the missing key
It's probably why I'm in this bitch shining
Jump up in the sky and put the stars into alignment
I rep the A-T-F in case you need to be reminded
And the bandwagons full but you can try and run behind it
I'm sorry, poolside drinking
Margarita rounds
Shout out to my city though I hardly be in town
I'm the Black Sheep, but Chris Farley wears the crown
And I know life is just a game in which the cards are facing down
I'm in the world where things are taken, never given
How long they choose to love you will never be your decision
And I'm aware that this could be the last time you listen
So while I'm still here in this position
Let me know, let me know
Ooh, let me know, let me know let me know
Uh, yeah this is really one of my dumbest flows ever
I haven't slept in days
And me and my latest girl agreed to go our separate ways
So I'm single thinking about what we had and missing you
But I ain't Santa, I got something for these bad bitches too
I mean paparazzi on me trying not to get caught out
They always seem to catch me with the woman that I brought out
Baby don't hold on too long cause that's how them stories start out
And all the girls that played me eat your motherfucking heart out, its Drizzy
Always gone but never hard to find
And since you can't escape me do I ever cross your mind
Because all this shit is new to me, I'm learning to behave
And still spending every dollar they encourage me to save
But I'm good I know that niggas would kill for this lifestyle
I'm looking forward to the memories of right now
Never forgetting from where I came
And no matter where I'm headed
I promise to stay the same (yeah, look)
I'm just riding round the city with my hood on and my windows down
Ask your girl I'm the realest nigga she been around
I pull up in something new and park it by the haters
And when you get to talking 'bout the greatest
(I just really hope that) You'll think of me
(I just really hope that) You'll think of me
(I just really hope that) You'll think of me
(I'm doin' my thing) 'Cause I'm tryna be unforgettable
This just might be my realest flow ever
When I say fo' life, y'all say fo'ever (fo'ever)
It's hard but it's fair I told that girl life hurts
The closest your gone get to this is a Pac T-shirt
The names young, baby you know I live that thug life
The good die young so I'm gone need a thug wife
Yeah, I'm talking his and her firearms
Know our jewelry probably louder than a car alarm (yeah)
Yeah, I remember I used to have to sneak the car
Now my insides looking like a snickers bar
Yeah, I'm talking caramel leathers
Damn right, so fly I need feathers
Sayin' shit in the streets so whats the dilly
You done everything in the A but fuck Chilli (haha)
So welcome to my life no two days the same
Like for y'all to meet the love of my life, her names the game
I'm just riding round the city with my hood on and my windows down
Ask your girl I'm the realest nigga she been around
I pull up in something new and park it by the haters
And when you get to talking 'bout the greatest
(I just really hope that) You'll think of me
(I just really hope that) You'll think of me
(I just really hope that) You'll think of me
(I'm doin' my thing) 'Cause I'm tryna be unforgettable
Got my top dropped on this beautiful night
This beautiful night to live my beautiful life
Pain hurts like a cut from a beautiful knife
Just know she right here on my hip, my beautiful wife
Yeah, Drizzy we got 'em lil' bra
Unforgettable, ya never forget this
You understand me? Timeless homie, unforgettable (Let me know, let me know)
me looking down below to yall is the only way you would UNDERSTAND ME get it Drake hit me up man YD aka young done it looking for a deal hit the clubs throw some hundreds , maybe meets some broads who willing to let me get some backshots and if hella cool even get a couple a snap shots for the road tour bus life is getting old show up b**** go wild for wat i do no sitting up top just looking down below on some hunchback bullshyt call me quiesmodoe but really who could have pictured this with out a camara starring at celebrities feeled up with glamour sister dont believe that i met Nickii them old lines i used may make her not want to mess with me , but Drake if you could give me a chance to sign under you man i idolize yo flow and even patten yo vocals cant wait to be a multi millionare hoolywood molgue but hit me up soon my mom just said its time for dinner 513 6281813 is her number DONT try and spin just tell her you a friend from school cause she a fan of you to and dont want her to look like a fool a mill in the first week is what my album sells a look like cause im under you the beat crisspy and my hook nice only cause you featured not to seem modest but you da illest out bra im just trying to be honest but if you get to read this please make yourself a promise, sign yd so you can take off a couple years vacate with Nickii maybe to the bahmamas Cincinnati Ohio Darrell kinney
Man, fuck it I was on though
And I thought I found the girl of my dreams at the strip club
Fuck it I was wrong though
Shout out to all my niggas living tax free
Nowadays it's six figures when they tax me
Oh well, guess you lose some and win some
Long as the outcome is income
You know I want it all and then some
Shout out to all my asian girls Dim sum
Shots came I don't know where they descend from
Probably some bad hoes I'm bout to take ya hem from
Yeah, you know me well, nigga
I mean you ain't the only the real nigga
They got me on these white women like seal, nigga
Slave to the pussy, but I'm just playing the field, nigga
Yeah, are these people really discussing my career again?
Asking about me going platinum in a year again
Don't I got that shit the world wanna hear again?
Don't Michael Jordan still got his hoop earring in?
Man all of your flows just bore me... paint drying
I don't never be trippin off of what ain't mine
I be hearing the shit that you say through the grape vine
But jealousy is just love and hate at the same time
Things have been so crazy and hectic, I should have got her back by now
But you know how much I wanted to make it, It's probably better anyhow
So if you gotta go, if there's anything I should know
If the spotlight makes you nervous
If you're looking for a purpose
You put the tea in the kettle and light it
Put your hand on the metal and feel it
But do you even feel it anymore?
I remember when you thought I was joking
Now I'm off singing karaoke
Farther than I've ever been
So if you gotta go, if there's any way I can help
Isn't it ironic that the girl I wanna marry is a wedding planner?
And tells me that my life is too much and moves to Atlanta? Damn
Of all the places you could go
I just thought you'd choose somewhere that has somebody that you know
I'm always up too late, I worry about you there alone
And that place you call your home, warm nights and cold Patron
I hope you don't get known for nothing crazy
Cause no man ever wants to hear those stories about his lady
I know they say the first love is the sweetest
But that first cut is the deepest
I tried to keep us together, you were busy keeping secrets
You were telling everybody but me
Don't be fooled by the money, I'm still just young and unlucky
I'm surprised you couldn't tell
I was only trying to get ahead
I was only trying to get ahead
But the spotlight makes you nervous
And you're looking for a purpose
I was only trying to get ahead
I was only trying to get ahead
But the spotlight makes you nervous
I'm more than just an option
(hey, hey, hey)
Refuse to be forgotten
(hey, hey, hey)
I took a chance with my heart
(hey, hey, hey)
And I feel it taking over
I better find your lovin'
I better find your heart
I better find your lovin'
I better find your heart
I better find your lovin'
I better find your heart
I bet if I give all my love
Then nothing's gonna tear us apart
I'm more than just a number
(hey, hey, hey)
I doubt you'll find another
(hey, hey, hey)
So every single summer
(hey, hey, hey)
I'll be the one that you remember
I better find your lovin'
I better find your heart
I better find your lovin'
I better find your heart
I better find your lovin'
I better find your heart
I bet if I give all my love
Then nothing's gonna tear us apart
It's more than just a mission
(hey, hey, hey)
You hear but you don't listen
(hey, hey, hey)
You better pay attention
(hey, hey, hey)
And get what you been missing
I better find your lovin'
I better find your heart
I better find your lovin'
I better find your heart
I better find your lovin'
I better find your heart
I bet if I give all my love
Then nothing's gonna tear us apart
Too many times I've been wrong
I guess being right takes too long
I'm done waiting, there's nothing left to do
But give all I have to you and
I better find your lovin'
I better find your heart
I better find your lovin'
I bet if I give all my love
Then nothing's gonna tear us apart
I bet if I give all my love
Then nothing's gonna tear us apart.
All night I've been staring,
Can you tell I want you?
Can't be too wide open,
But there's nothing I wont do,
Oh, just thought you should know,
That when you start to laugh, oh
See, I just want what I can't have, oh
Want her to give me a chance, oh
Claiming I'm just not as serious as you,
Shawty if you only knew,
This is serious.
Uh, I wish I, wasn't famous,
I wish I, was still in school,
So, that I could have you in my dorm room,
I would put it on you, crazy,
Cause when you start to laugh, oh
See, I just want what I can't have, oh
Want her to give me a chance, oh
Claiming I'm just not as serious as you,
Shawty if you only knew,
This is serious.
Uh, yea
Uh uh uh
Alright, well alright
I say I do it for the love
Bunk bed flow,
Always one level above
If I'm in your starting five
You'll never need a sub,
And I'm never looking down,
So I always know watsup,
A picture won't do me justice,
League in this bitch, I'm a do me trust this,
Patience little label nigga you won't rush this,
I got the hand on my money sweetie, you can't touch this,
I got a revolutionary flow in every scenario,
Coming through your stereo
Bust my girlfriend booty 'round like the merry-go,
Bitches like where he at, they be like there he go.
And this verse deserve a burial.
Don't cry for me, this ain't ma'fuckin' mario,
Yea, and polo isn't at my session
Mr. anticipation I'm a keep you niggas guessing like..
OK, OK, I'm grown, grown
Party at my house but I'm home, alone
Doing every single thing my momma wouldn't condone,
Counting everything I own, in my ma'fucking zone
I'm up too high, somebody come get me down, down
Down, down
Said I'm up too high, somebody come get me down, down
Down, down
Yo, my ex-girl say she done dating black guys,
She shoulda listened when her white friends advised
But not me I'll make your battleship capsize,
Get soaked, get wet, get baptized,
I got the full package, a nigga complete,
I give bread, and eat tracks like lunchmeat,
Pursue me and ill put you on front street
Probably get your record pushed back like front seats
I'm much more than you'd fathom me would be,
There ain't too many niggas I'd rather be than me,
I guarantee those women gettin' at him would agree,
That he should go ahead put a patent on his G and,
I swear these niggas gassed up even tho the price is high.
I could own half as much clothing and be twice as fly,
Yea, you know my coupe sits super low,
Tops slip off like Janet at the Superbowl
OK, OK, I'm grown, grown
Party at my house but I'm home, alone
Doing every single thing my momma wouldn't condone,
Counting everything I own, in my ma fucking zone
I'm up too high, somebody come get me down, down
Down, down
Said I'm up too high, somebody come get me down, down
Down, down
'Cause I'm a beast.
yeah uhh
they no i wanna shine they turn my light's off
they no I love to rhyme they turn my mic off
what can a do to get this dirt off my shoulder
man these haters be hatin
they don wanna see me
happy, happy, happy,
they don wanna see me
happy, happy, happy
they just wanna see me
down, down, down
they just wanna see me
down, down, down
yeahh
what can I do about about it
not an damn thing
im tired of everybody sayin I cant sing
well look at me now im singing freely for you haters
what are you gonna do with 2-0-9
you still gonna be hating on young rock
man what you hate it for
they wanna see me fold
im about to loose control
hookx3
yeah
what am I gonna do
what am I gonna do
what am I gonna do
ohhhh
yo yo
im makin dough now
of course the hating go round
plus the flow is colder then sarah palins home town
if I wasn't me I'd prob be moody too
you don't like me and rock
what we do to you
did we crash and party
take your girl, steal your gig
or all of the above
well then Ifeel ya kid
Bein me is like a gift an a curse
Because even though im the best
They wish me the worst
They be judging on my records
without listenin first
but my song go for their ???
she aint skippin a verse
nahh
I can accomplish all my goals
Even if im blind folded
If you don't wanna see me happy keep
your eyes closed
Hookx3
What am I gonna do
what am I gonna do
Ohhhh
Yeah..
Damn, another 20 missed calls. I love her and i hate her it's a funny twist ya'll. Can't stand her when she in town but miss her when shes gone. Truth be told i'd rather be with her then alone. But fights break out, and nieghbors call 5-0. Screaming you the most foul bitch i know. Forever mine, wherever i go sex pistols out, die slow. Nah, die slower then that just, colapse all over my matress. Who shot ya, that nigga ain't finished. So once again i find myself in it. Click Clack. Just let me take a minute round 2 is in the chamber all you gotta do is spin it. Aim for the heart, battle of the sexes, alls fair in love and war casualties expected.
Yeah, uh, yeah
These are my one St. Thomas flows
Me and my niggas and some Madonna hoes
That look just like virgins
But trust they down to go
Discussin' life and all our common goals
Smart kids that smoke weed, honor roll
Look how the champagne diamonds flow
Fine dining, pour another another glass when the wine is low
I'm in the crib stackin' money from here to the ceilin'
Whatever it is I got is clearly appealin'
These other rappers gettin' that inferior feelin'
I hope you feel it in your soul spiritual healin'
Take a look at yourself the mirror's revealin'
If you ain't got it you ain't got it the theory is brilliant
People ask how music is goin' I heard it pays
I just came off makin' 2 million in 30 days
Damn I guess it does what the message was
Sometimes I feel I be spendin' my money just because
But Weezy I'm just out here reppin' us
'Til I get to shake the hand of the man that's blessin' us
Yeah, I know these niggas miss the mean lyrics
Kush got the room smellin' like teen spirit
I asked kindly if no-one out here would bring defeat up
Until I lose, for now I'm the game's single leader
I fly private so no-one tells me to bring my seat up
And book a suite when me and your favorite singer meet up
Who you like, tell me who it is
I'mma make sure that that women is the next one on my list
I should call it a night but fuck it I can't resist
This one is for all my niggas from my city tryin' to diss
Without a response from me you really fail to exist
And I love to see you fail that feelin' there is the shit
I swear, aghh pussy nigga get your bread up
Enjoy the seat that the stewardess just forced your ass to let up
Why your scary ass lookin' down pick your head up
No-one told you your disguise is the most ridiculous gettup
With nose plugs in now I can smell a set up
So your just wastin' your time your just only makin' me better
Yeah I try to tell them don't judge me because you heard stuff
Chase N. Cash that's my brother from the Surf Club
Damn that nigga always kept it so hood
Back when we would smoke good at the Oakwoods
And have girls fall through like coins in a couch
Now we just fuckin' all the bitches they warned us about
Scared for the first time everything has clicked
What if I dont really do the numbers they predict
Considerin' the fact that I'm the one that they just picked
To write a chapter in history this shit has got me sick
But if I really do it don't expect to get a split
'Cause this truly is some shit I don't expect y'all to get
I'm nervous but I'mma kill it, 'cause they 'bout to let the realest team in
Throwin' up in a huddle nigga Willie Beamen
We're still throwin' touchdown passes
In tortoise frame glasses, hopin' that someone catch it
People say that old Drake, we startin' to miss it
But they need to be a little more specific
Man is this what y'all want? In my best Chris Tucker impression
Ducking your questions, fuck your suggestions
Money gets all of my love and affection
Cars all black like the cover of Essence
I'm allergic to coming in second but I never sneeze
Y.M.O.E. nigga, yeah
This want y'all want
Octobers Very Own
Young Money
ATF
Thank Me Later in this bitch wasssup
Free Weezy in this bitch wassup
June 15th in this bitch wassup
[Intro: Drake]
Yesterday when we were gettin high
You were invited, you would've liked it
Uh-uh-I-I know you all too well
I said that we can kiss the past goodbye
But you weren't excited, there's no way to fight it
You could stay but shorty here I go
[Termanology]
Termanology... uh
They call me one thing, but they treat me like another
I'm cheatin but do I love her, well more than any other
So it's personal, to paint you this type of picture
When your wife is like your sister, seems you barely ever miss her
But another dude kiss her, you lose it, you wanna diss her
Wanna hit her, like you hope no one do to your sister
Go figure, I ain't got a missus
They say it's none of yo' biz when them boys call their miss
And the hall's shatterin, cause life is like a battlefield
And y'all battlin cause, you got you a rapper deal
So I guess you start feelin how those rappers feel
Raw dog, hope she go and get that mornin after pill
But if she get knocked up you gon' have to peel
Or your career gonna be pushin up daffodils
Take care of yo' kid, go check your mistress
Hit the lab and record, go handle your business
What type of life is this? So many different choices
Too many different opinions, too many different voices
What am I afriad of, just to say love?
I love you baby but, this is what I'm made of
And I'ma be me, cause I can't be no other
So I don't know if Aaliyah's gettin a little brother
But all I know is I already got one baby mother
And that's too much trouble, sorry I can't love you
[Chorus: Drake]
What am I afraid of?
This is supposed to be what dreams are made of
But people I don't have the time to hang with
Always look at me and say the same shit
They say - you promised me you would never change
Ohh, oh oh, ohh, oh oh, ohh
You promised me you would never change
Ohh, oh oh, ohh, oh oh, ohh (ohhhhh)
[Drake]
Uhh, am I wrong for makin light of my situation? Clap on
When 40 got some shit for me to snap on
Now that I'm on I don't really wanna worry 'bout gettin back on
I'm just tryin to stay on, get my fuckin buffet on
I heard they just moved my grandmother to a nursin home
And I'll be actin like I don't know how to work a phone
But hit redial, you'll see that I just called
Some chick I met at the mall that I barely know at all
And, plus this woman that I messed with unprotected
Textin sayin she wish she woulda kept it
The one that I'm layin next to just looked over and read it
Man I couldn't tell you where the fuck my head is, I'm holdin on by a thread it's
Like I'm high right now, the guy right now
And you could tell by lookin in my eyes right now
That nothin really comes as a surprise right now
Cause we just havin the time of our lives right now
[Chorus]
[Drake]
Well alright, uhh
I live by some advices girl, Lisa told me
The other day Lisa told me that she miss the old me
Uh, which made me question when I went missin
And when I start treatin my friends different
Maybe it was the fast-paced switch-up
Or the two guns in my face durin the stick-up
Maybe cause a girl I thought I trusted was who set the whole shit up
Or the fact I haven't seen 'em since they locked Big Rich up
I know, but same time I'm quick to forget
I'm 'bout to roll me up a blunt with my list of regrets
Burn it all, burn it all, I'm startin it fresh
Cause half the time I got it right I probably guessed
Did I just trade free time for camera time?
Will I blow all of this money baby, Hammer Time?
Yeah.. I just need some closure
Ain't no turnin back for me, I'm in it 'til it's over
Take what you want, take what you want
Take what you want, take what you want
But, you gotta share it with the world
Take what you want, take what you want
Take what you want, take what you want
But, you gotta share it with the world
Take what you want, take what you want
Take what you want, take what you want
But, you gotta share it with the world
Lately I've been murdering and avoiding conviction
This shit is like an addiction conflicting with what I do
Shout out to K Davis and my connect up at Avis
'Cause every weekend I'm rollin' out stuntin' in somethin' new
Fortunately I am at an elevated level
I'm celebrated at home and
I am high above it all
But apologies to my fans that be super conscious
Just wait 'til I get my money right and
I am going to ball ball ball
Take what you want, take what you want
Take what you want, take what you want
But, you gotta share it with the world
Take what you want, take what you want
Take what you want, take what you want
But, you gotta share it with the world
Take what you want, take what you want
Take what you want, take what you want
But, you gotta share it with the world
im good i don't need no help
cuz im better off by myself
then to start over with somebody else
and baby its easy for you to go and give your heart to someone new but im goodeith just dwelling home memories
(Bridge)
I know way too many people here right now
That I didnt know last year, who the fuck are yall?
I swear it feels like the last few nights
We been everywhere, back
But I just cant remember it all
(Chorus)
What am I doin'? What am I doin'?
Oh, yeah, thats right, Im doin me
Im doin me
Im livin life right now, mayne
And this what Ima do til its over
Til its over
But its far from over
(Verse 1)
Bottles on me, long as someone drink it
Never drop the ball, fuck are yall thinkin?
Makin sure the Young Money ship is never sinkin
Bout to set it off in this bitch, Jada Pinkett
I shouldnt've drove, tell me how Im gettin home
You too fine to be layin down in bed alone
I could teach you how to speak my language, Rosetta Stone
I swear this life is like the sweetest thing Ive ever known
Bout to go Thriller Mike Jackson on these niggas
All I needs a fucking red jacket with some zippers
Super good smiddoke, a package of the swishers
I did it overnight, it couldnt happen any quicker
Yall know them? Well, fuck it, me either
But point the biggest skeptic out, Ill make him a believer
It wouldnt be the first time I done it, throwin hundreds
When I should be throwin ones, bitch, I run it Ahhhh!
(Bridge)
I know way too many people here right now
That I didnt know last year, who the fuck are yall?
I swear it feels like the last few nights
We been everywhere, back
But I just cant remember it all
(Chorus)
What am I doin? What am I doin?
Oh, yeah, thats right, Im doin me
Im doin me
Im livin life right now, mayne
And this what Ima do til its over
Til its over
But its far from over
(Verse 2)
One thing bout music, when it hits you feel no pain
And I swear I got that shit that make these bitches go insane
So they tell me that they love me, I know better than that, its just game
Its just what comes with the fame, and Im ready for that, Im just sayin
But I really cant complain, everything is kosher
Two thumbs up, Ebert and Roeper
I really cant see the end getting any closer
But I prolly still be the man when everything is over
So Im riding through the city with my high beams on
Can you see me? Can you see me? Get your Vizsine on
Yall just do not fit the picture, turn your widescreen on
If you thinkin Ima quit before I die, dream on
Man, they treat me like a legend, am I really this cold?
Im really too young to be feelin this old
Its about time you admit it, who you kiddin, man?
nobodys never done it like I did it Ahh!
(Bridge)
I know way too many people here right now
That I didnt know last year, who the fuck are yall?
I swear it feels like the last few nights
We been everywhere, back
But I just cant remember it all
(Chorus)
What am I doin? What am I doin?
Oh, yeah, thats right, Im doin me
Im doin me
Im livin life right now, mayne
And this what Ima do til its over
Til its over
But its far from over
Yeah, thats right, Im doin me
Im doin me
Im livin life right now, mayne
And this what Ima do til its over
Til its over
But its far from over
Who else really try to mess with Hollywood Cole
treating Birmingham like my Hollywood shows
I'm tryin' to tell you something that you prolly should know
this that slumdog millionaire Bollywood flow
and ahh, my real friends never hearing from me
fake friends write the wrong answers on the mirror for me
That's why I pick and choose, I don't get s*** confused
I'm not with different crews
We walk the same paths, but got on different shoes
We live in the same building, but we got different views
I got a couple cars, I never get to lose
Don't like my women single, I like my chicks in twos
And these days all the girls is down to roll
We hit the strip club, and all them girls find a pole
Tell your girl to tell her friend that it's time to go
Tell me today's weather
I know they say they good but trust me I'm better
I sound like the coldest Miami night ever
I'm cold but still hot you can't decide on a sweater
really this whatever and I am murdering and this is so amusing
If there's a sight to see I am an illusion
I tell you I'm the man baby, what is the confusion
and if they still sleeping on me someone hit the snooze then
Keep sleeping while I sell a couple million
I'm headed for the moon, I ain't bout to hit the ceiling
I'm about to hit the club, women tell me I'm appealing
But f*** what they say, let me tell you how I'm feeling
I'm drinking, these London street lamps got a real glow
Drizzy playin' driving fast but it feels slow
And ask your man, he's a hater baby he don't know
I could kick a punt and turn that s*** into a field goal
This here was meant to get buried
I got a lot of things, I mention those barely
I ain't lyin' to the kids, like the dentist ain't scary
I'm what Lebron was to St. Vince and St. Mary
but I ain't playin' high school games
pulling McClarens through a McDonald's drive through lane
I'm too fly, keep it hip-hop like afu raa
Girl on that McClaren, you gotta lift the doors
Blades chopping through the city streets, liquid swords
Yesterday when we were getting high, you were invited.
You would've liked it. I-I know you all too well.
I said that we could kiss the past goodbye,
But you weren't excited, there's no way to fight it.
You can stay but shawty here I go
Uh, should I spend the weekend in Vegas?
I'm living inside a moment, not taking pictures to save it.
I mean, how could I forget? My memories never faded.
I can't relate to these haters, my enemies never made it.
I am, still here with who I started with.
The game needed life, I put my heart in it.
I blew myself up, I'm on some martyr shit.
Carried the weight for my city like a cargo ship.
Uh. I'm 23, with a money tree.
Growing more too, I just planted a hundred seeds.
It's ironic, 'cause my mother was a florist,
And that's how she met my pops and now my garden is enormous.
It's happening Penny Lane, just like you said.
I avoided the Coke game, and went with Sprite instead.
Uh huh, that's word to the millions that they putting up.
I'm trying to do better than good enough.
What am I afraid of? This is suppose to be what dreams are made of.
But people I don't have the time to hang with,
Always look at me and say the same shit (they say)
You promised me you would never change.
You promised me you would never change.
Uh. Am I wrong for making light of my situation? Clap on.
When 40 got some shit for me to snap on.
Now that I'm on, I don't really want to worry about getting back on.
I'm just trying to stay on, get my fucking buffet on.
I heard they just moved my grandmother to a nursing home.
And I be acting like I don't know how to work a phone.
But hit redial you see that I just called, some chick I met at the mall,
That I barley know at all and,
Plus this woman that I messed with unprotected
Texting saying that she wish she would've kept it.
The one that I'm laying next to just looked over and read it.
Man I couldn't tell you where the fuck my head is,
I'm holding on by a thread it's,
Like I'm high right now, the guy right now,
And you can tell by looking in my eyes right now.
That nothing really comes as a surprise right now,
'cause we just having the time of our lives right now.
What am I afraid of? This is suppose to be what dreams are made of.
But people I don't have the time to hang with,
Always look at me and say the same shit (they say)
You promised me you would never change.
You promised me you would never change.
Well all right. Uh. I live by some advices, girl Lisa told me.
The other day, Lisa told that she missed the old me.
Which made me question when I went missing.
And when I start treating my friends different.
Maybe it was the fast paced switch up.
Or the two guns in my face during the stick up.
Maybe cause the girl I thought I trusted was who set the whole shit up.
Or the fact I haven't seen em since they locked Big Rich up.
I know. At the same time I'm quick to forget.
I'm bout to roll me up a blunt with my list of regrets.
Burn it all, burn it all, I'm starting it fresh.
Cause half the time I got it right I probably guessed.
Did I just trade free time for camera time?
Will I blow all of this money baby, Hammer Time?
I just need some closure.
Ain't no turning back for me I'm in till it's over.
Thank God for the first nigga started trapping
Thank God for the first nigga started rapping
Thank God for the first girl to start stripping
And I'mma have to keep it muhfucking real with 'em
I got a problem with these niggas
I got a problem with these bitches
Trigger finger keep itchin'
I pull it, I do it
Hang up on a bitch, call it crucified
Time to go to work, no suit and tie
Bumpin' Makaveli, I be trappin' at the telly
My nigga did a dime and he back already
Got that sack already, man we got them racks already
As far as your girl, I hit it from the back already
I tried to get a tan, but I'm black already
Your pockets on a diet, my pockets fat already
Three niggas with me, me myself and I
God don't like ugly, you should testify
My T-shirt come from Bergdorf
I make so much on a verse I take a third off
Bird call, swerve off
Bust a nut on her, tell her that's a load off
Shorty ass soft, like a Nerf ball
If you don't like what I'm doing, nigga, fuck y'all
Thank God for the first nigga started trapping
Thank God for the first nigga started rapping
Thank God for the first girl to start stripping
And I'mma have to keep it muhfucking real with 'em
I got a problem with these niggas
Got some problems with these bitches
Trigger finger keep itchin'
I pull it, I do it
Drank in my cup, hope this shit don't spill
Pull up in the new edition
And that's word to Johnny Gill
How I come up with this shit
And all these verses that I kill
I have no imagination, everything I do for real
Bitch I'm camouflage down
Put your camera phone down
If she got an ass and the girl a fan, it's going down
I'mma fuck you like I've been waiting a century for it
Give the pussy up and I'll trade you the memory for it
In the bedroom forever
That's what her roommate will tell you
Man I just hear this shit and think about what Tunechi will tell you
He might call up Patricia
She 'bout to call up Melissa
Tell 'em come to the cribo
And do 'em both, double dribble
I'm colder than a hospital
She love the dick that I give her
Hit her from the front, back, side
Twist her like cigarillos
I put the gun to the pillow
I don't want blood on my clothes
Gotta keep that Trukfit fresh
Shoutout to all of my hoes
Tunechi
That's just how my OG would sum it up
I been working all winter just to fuck the summer up
It's just me and 2 Chainz
But the chain's never tucked though
If you don't like what I'm doing, nigga fuck y'all
Thank God for the first nigga started trapping
Thank God for the first nigga started rapping
Thank God for the first girl to start stripping
And I'mma have to keep it muhfucking real with 'em
I got a problem with these niggas
I got a problem with these bitches
Trigger finger keep itchin'
I pull it, I do it
Well if you know like I know
That pussy pop like pyro
And she know I'm a pothead
That pussy like a pothole
I'm colder than the snot nose
Man all these hoes is my hoes
and if she bougie fuck her once
then leave her hanging, dry clothes
I just built a cemetery, niggas dying to get in
Niggas lying, they pretend
Don't cross that line its paper thin
High as a star, make a wish
I'm a shark, I ate the fish
I got no heart, I hate that bitch
You hate that bitch, well I hate that bitch
Will jump a nigga like a chessboard
Do a drive by while you're riding on your skateboard
They ain't even know it
Have Drake sing a song just to get her pussy wet
Then I take her to the crib
Man fuck that bitch right on the step
Put it in and take it back out, then I back out
Hair weave killer known to snatch the fucking track out
Put me in the game coach, I'm the antidote
Pull up, kick, throw and take the money and the dope
True, 2 Chainz, I'm on a plane and a boat
I am so cold I need a cover and a coat
Kick it at the mall, call it football
If you don't like what I'm doing, nigga, fuck y'all
Y'all ready? 1, 2, 3
Right now it's me time
A little time for myself, me time
Oh yeah, right now it's me time
Don't want no one else now, me time
Bitch please don't call my phone, don't call my phone
Said I wanna be left alone, be left alone
Please, please don't stop by my home
No, no 'cause I feel it's just matter of time
Till you people make me lose my mind
I'm 'bout to leave this world behind
Right now it's me time
You need to go kick rocks now
Me time
And I'm a leave on one more note
One more motherfuckin note
It's like this... Look at him
[Drake:]
I ain't been here in a minute
Cut the lights off I feel fantastic right now baby...
Yeah... Look...
I said I used to cut the porch lights on and now I cut the porches lights on just to let them know their foresights wrong
Where this rapper going with that obscure ice on he a lame I'm just tryna get my mature life on
O D.
O. D. Everybody know me, even fans that resemble them kids in the O.C.
Oh me Oh my them girls love me like Seth Cohen,
So get a grip get a glass pour the X. O. in
I did want one these niggas to say that I'm not the same
Pick a road cause where you drivin is not a lane
And rest in peace to Pimp C life is not a game,
Taking over the world no pinky just a lotta Brain
He bout to send them the shit that I'm on (Yeah)
You prolly could have predicted I'm on (Yeah)
My sense of judgment is a officially gone
Up into the air all the smoke from the swisha is blown
Ahh... I'm grown I'm grown I'm living in this elevator zone alone
I'm up so high I'm never coming down and you say you got them hoes but they never coming round
I got pent house walls I stay high above your ass
And I can see it all, my balcony is glass
And wifey's over (Bitches)
But moneys over (Her)
Cause money's under (Nothin)
My life is such a (Blur)
That's not the way it has to go it's jus what I prefer
And do not disagree with me it's best you jus concur
I'm a legend with a legacy that can't help but survive
Even when I fuckin die they gonna bury me Alive...
[Chorus:]
And I'm so prestigious
I brought my niggas from the hood to the beaches
I'm living good gripping wood with all the features
Jesus my money straight no creases
P P P Peep this
We got bottles over here
Kush is in the air... we good (O. D. O.D.)
Bithces over there... we good (O. D. O. D.)
Money on the floor we good
O.D. O.D everybody know me
[Travis McCoy:]
Oh no Travie high on life again... (Wow)
Feel like I swallowed a whole bottle of Vicodin... (Dam)
So high I wanna cry like tiny violins
In my best mode the pesmote enjoy the silence... (Shh)
Stop the violence, how when every blind is like the motherfuckin Watts riots pouring out my pen
Iight dam be easy I'm a get back
Gentleman with a superlative use of syntax
And I done gave up the narcotics but I can't leave the crib without some xanax in my water... (Nope)
Hello my name is Travie and I'm a life-aholic
Told'em all these beats is like the Wallis to my Gromit... (Ha)
The alpha to my Bruce wearing stripes on my candy cane
Worn without the other so for real without the candy brain
Super trooper like a gun tote in candyman
Ask me how I'm livin bet I tell ya fine and dandy man
Check his vital signs they peeping off the meter man
I'm a live forever in Neverland with Peter Pan
Fuck pulling the nine out
I'm a pull a Amy Winehouse
Sipping Purple Rain with Mary Jane girls in my house... (My House)
Isaiah I'm a see ya when I get there
Until then hold me down like gravity it's Travie... Uno... Easy
[Chorus:]
And I'm so prestigious
I brought my niggas from the hood to the beaches
I'm living good gripping wood with all the features
Jesus my money straight no creases
P P Peep this
We got bottles over here
Kush is in the air... we good (O. D. O.D.)
Bithces over there... we good (O. D. O. D.)
Money on the floor we good
It's Mickey
O.D. O.D everybody know me
[Mickey Factz:]
Ha I'm bout to overdose on life somebody please pass the weed
So if I comatose tonight you won't have to ask for refer
If the things that I seen through my Prada frames got me paid
Watch me mane I'm cocky slave with this Rocky chain
I got I got my fames cluttered with this bud
And this name of it is Fame and it's all up in my blood
Tyna suppress the too fresh feeling I got... Oooo yes
I'm in it for the huge yes duplex living like I'm Hugh Heff
Every other night I need a blue net for group sex
Leaving with a bruise neck then I yell whose next... (Next)
Stand'em in a line this is new fax city take this crack between ya thighs... (Yeah)
(Mickey what you mean) I'm promethazine fuck the queen
Sniff the white horse of success and then let him lean... (Let'em see)
Tryna match my high on life... (Then let'em dream)
Gotta catch the spot on my flight
First class known of the aroma of the smoker life
Got me like a stoner, a zoner but nah it's never over... (Mickey what you mean)
I stick my tongue out sippin Remy conceited of I'm teasing every bum out
Hung out with celebrities from every drug house
So when you remember me say that I was strung out... (Mickey what you mean)
I'm a addict for the green cash I'm a O.D. so flip going to rehab
[Chorus:]
And I'm so prestigious
I brought my niggas from the hood to the beaches
I'm living good gripping wood with all the features
Jesus my money straight no creases
P P Peep this
We got bottles over here
Kush is in the air... we good (O. D. O.D.)
Bithces over there... we good (O. D. O. D.)
Money on the floor we good
O.D. O.D everybody know me
Look, I ain't never had a benzo
Nope, I pushed me an Ac wit the tintzo
Nosey niggas is peakin' in my window
Have a hard time looking
I tell you second hand that's a hard grind cooking
Cause my pop was in it so deep
If his son wanted in it these dealers would probably drop percentage
Instead, I drop bars like I'm two months sober
Its my time now so them you months over
Yeah if I want it I find me a way to get that
I'm trying to get to the point where I can sit back
Took a lot of patience and action
I grind so I'm anticipating relaxing
I'm thinking bout replacing the Jacksons on top of the charts
I don't need brothers fillin' space in the back than.
So from the kid with the sun tan flow
The hottest ticket in town to this one man show
[Chorus]
I think that you know as well as I know
Bitches checkin' for me every where that I go
What you gotta understand that it's me I be
Until the motherfucking day that I D.I.E
[repeat]
[Verse 2]
I can easily make'em admit to bounce back
Without knowing exactly where my accounts at
Yeah you best believe that I often (?)
So they don't like me and throw parties and yet they never invite me
I can't lie sometime it bother me slightly
Either way the true fans yell
I appear calm and its obvious so who can tell
And no this aint Blu Cantrell
This is like perfection though we both got the light complexion
Couple things that I do that well
And the way that I Jack-son you think that Drake new Sam-el (As in Samual Jackson)
I've been real though (?)
They stay kicking it with me like a field goal
See I'm humble but I live vain
With more deals on the table than a (?)
[Chorus]
I know way too many people here right now
That I didn't know last year, who the fuck are y'all?
I swear it feels like the last few nights
We been everywhere and back
But I just can't remember it all
What am I doin'? What am I doin'?
Oh, yeah, that's right, I'm doin' me
I'm doin' me
I'm livin' life right now, mayne
And this what I'm a do 'til it's over
'Til it's over
But it's far from over
Bottles on me, long as someone drink it
Never drop the ball, fuck are y'all thinkin'?
Makin' sure the Young Money ship is never sinkin'
'Bout to set it off, in this bitch, Jada Pinkett
I shouldn't've drove, tell me how I'm gettin' home
You too fine to be layin' down in bed alone
I could teach you how to speak my language, Rosetta Stone
I swear this life is like the sweetest thing I've ever known
'Bout to go Thriller Mike Jackson on these niggas
All I need's a fucking red jacket with some zippers
Super good smiddoke, a package of the swishers
I did it overnight, it couldn't happen any quicker
Y'all know them? Well, fuck it, me either
But point the biggest skeptic out, I'll make him a believer
It wouldn't be the first time I done it, throwin' hundreds
When I should be throwin' ones, bitch, I run it (Ah)
I know way too many people here right now
That I didn't know last year, who the fuck are y'all?
I swear it feels like the last few nights
We been everywhere and back
But I just can't remember it all
What am I doin'? What am I doin'?
Oh, yeah, that's right, I'm doin' me
I'm doin' me
I'm livin' life right now, mayne
And this what I'm a do 'til it's over
'Til it's over
But it's far from over
One thing 'bout music, when it hits you feel no pain
And I swear I got that shit that make these bitches go insane
So they tell me that they love me, I know better than that, it's just game
It's just what comes with the fame, and I'm ready for that, I'm just sayin'
But I really can't complain, everything is kosher
Two thumbs up, Ebert and Roeper
I really can't see the end getting any closer
But I probly still be the man when everything is over
So I'm riding through the city with my high beams on
Can you see me? Can you see me? Get your Visine on
Y'all just do not fit the picture, turn your widescreen on
If you thinkin' I'm a quit before I die, dream on
Man, they treat me like a legend, am I really this cold?
I'm really too young to be feelin' this old
It's about time you admit it, who you kiddin', man?
Man, nobody's never done it like I did it (Ugh)
I know way too many people here right now
That I didn't know last year, who the fuck are y'all?
I swear it feels like the last few nights
We been everywhere and back
But I just can't remember it all
What am I doin'? What am I doin'?
Oh, yeah, that's right, I'm doin' me
I'm doin me
I'm livin' life right now, mayne
And this what I'm a do 'til it's over
'Til it's over
But it's far from over
Yeah, that's right, I'm doin' me
I'm doin me
I'm livin' life right now, mayne
And this what I'm a do 'til it's over
'Til it's over
But it's far from over
I told the world, one day I would pay it back.
Say it on tape and lay it, record it, so that one day I could play it back.
But I don't even know if I believe it when I'm saying that.
Doubt startin' to creep in, everyday it's just so grey and black.
Hope, I just need a ray of that
'Cause no one sees my vision
When I play it for 'em, they just say it's whack.
But they don't know what dope is.
And I don't know if I was awake or asleep when I wrote this.
All I know is you came to me when I was at my lowest.
You picked me up, breathed new life in me. I owe my life to you.
But for the life of me, I don't see why you don't see like I do.
But it just dawned on me; you lost a son. Demon's fightin' you, it's dark.
Let me turn on the lights and brighten me and enlighten you.
I don't think you realize what you mean to me, not the slightest clue.
'Cause me and you, were like a crew. I was like your sidekick.
You gon' either wanna fight when I get off this f-cking mic,
Or you gon' hug me. But I'm out of options, there's nothing else I can do cause
[Drake - Verse 1]
Word on road, it's the clique about to blow
You ain't gotta run and tell nobody they already know
We've been living on a high, they've been talking on a low
But it's cool, know you heard it all before
[Hook]
That's why I asked you are you me, are you me
Thought you knew about the team, (ay)
That's why I asked you are you me, are you me
Thought you knew about the team, (ay)
[Verse 2]
Are you me, are you me, what you know about the team
Man these niggas got to stop it they be crowding up the scene
Baby girl you need to stop it all that pride and self esteem
Got you angry about this girl I'm with in all them magazines
Baby she look like a star, but only on camera
Only on camera, only on camera
It look like we in love, but only on camera
Only on camera, only on camera
Don't listen to the lies, I swear they all lies
You know I could be your knight in shining armor all tires
Trying to tell you I'm the one, come and holla at me
Before I'm on the next ting, YMCMB (ah)
[Bridge]
Ooh finally got you right here,
Tonight I'll ease your mind
That's why I'm calling on you,
And ooh soft your loves desire
It's hard to stay away
You keep me calling on you
[Hook]
[Verse 3]
Are you me, are you me, what you know about the team
You just know what you get told girl I see behind the scene
She spilled whiskey on her shirt, she gonna have to get it cleaned
She been going way to hard, someone has to intervene
Baby she look like a star, but only on camera
Only on camera, only on camera
It might look like I care, but only on camera
Only on camera, only on camera
Don't listen to the lies, I swear they all lies
You know I could be your knight in shining armor all ties
Girl they love me like I'm Prince, like the new kid with the crown
Bunch of underground kings, thought you knew how we get down (ah)
[Bridge]
[Outro]
Are you me, are you me, thought you knew about the team (ay)
Are you me, are you me, thought you knew about the team (ay)
[Hook]
You know you know
You know you know
[Drake - Verse 1]
Uh, you know you know how the story goes
You done jocked my style, you done stole my flow
You done seen me out, you gets no hello
And you wonder why? Man you know you know
Yeah and you should let them boys know too
Show them niggas every single thing I showed you
I'm here feeling like 50 back in '02, and everybody sayin' I'm the man, so true
Yeah but what does it take to feel secure?
A place with wooden floors and space to put awards
A couple of parking spots and maids to do the chores
The cars you always wanted, the women that you adore
Well I got it, I got it
I wonder if I'd be happy without it, I doubt it
I try not to really think about it
I made it but im still playin' like im bein' scouted til im outted
Game time bitch, I hope you're proud of us
King James shit watch me throw the powder up
This OG got my whole suite cloudin' up
And I bet you I be out of time before I'm out of luck
They ain't rootin' for me, they ain't clappin' for me
I'm only sayin can somebody just be happy for me
I really hate to say I told you so
So I bite my tongue but you know you know
[Hook]
[Drake - Verse 2]
Uhh, please make your long story shorter
Cause time is of the essence for the king of first quarter
Numbers do the talkin' I have nothing for reporters
I just hope we make these flights and don't get held up at the border
Yeah so you can spare me all the accolades
I'm the reason you can find my city on an atlas page
Half a million dollars later and my taxes paid
And I'm still spendin' money from my actin' days
Damn, life is such a lovely thing
Feel the perks that a 7 figure budget bring
Tell your girlfriend that I can pull some fuckin' strings
So we're courtside when LeBron get a fuckin' ring
Yeah, I bet I be there I be there
You see that '62 sittin outside? That's me there
I'm jumpin to the top its my leap year, prepare
Putting in that overtime I never said it'd be fair
I'm always left wishin' I could have done it in person
My apologies to all of the ones I was hurtin'
I got new girls but none of they love is for certain
And call old girls but none of they numbers are workin'
Damn, what happened to us?
Life can always change, you have to adjust
How come when I got a party you stare at me in disgust?
They pay us just to have fun you should see that as a plus
Especially when I come flyin' through the door
And kindly ignore, the paparazzi outside tryin to record
Why has every woman never dined here before?
Am I the only 23 year old wine connoisseur?
The Rothschilds, the Cru's, the Gajas and the Opuses
It's always nice when you're out with someone that notices
My condo got that art gallery openness
I'm just really hopin that that isn't what the motive is
They ain't rooting for me, they ain't clapping for me
I'm only sayin can somebody just be happy for me?
I really hate to say I told you so
So I bite my tongue but you know you know
[Hook]
Drake :
Do I Do I Do I Do
Uhh Please Put Away The Cameras
Cause We Just In The Club Gettin MC Hammered
And God Forbid We Ever Trade Our Wisdom For The Glamour
And I Know I'm Just A Boy That A Woman Can Make A Man Of
So Make One I Know That You Can Make Me One
I Just Want A Woman That Looks Thirty When She's Eighty One
Please Don't Give It All Away I Hope That You Can Save Me Some
The More They Pass Their Heart Around The More Jaded That They Become
But This One Special So I Make Sure That My Suit'll Fit
The One My Daddy Wore in June of Eighty Five I'm Too Lagit
I''m Just Trynna Get Her In The Mood And Have Her Doin All The Things She'd Only Do When She Get Married
So Let's Do this Sh%t
Tell The Reverend All That We're Missin Is His Blessin
Cause Before She Pop The P*ssy
She Need Me To Pop The Question
So We Exchange Vowels
They Clap We Take A Bow
And She'll Be Doin Tricks For Daddy When We Take It To The House
All my exes live in Texas like I'm George Strait
Or they go to Georgia State where
Tuition is handled by some random nigga that live in Atlanta
That she only see when she feels obligated
Admitted it to me the first time we dated
But she was no angel, and we never waited
I took her for sushi, she wanted to fuck
So we took it to go, told them don't even plate it
And we never talk too much after I blew up
Just only 'hello' or 'happy belated'
And I think I text her and told her I made it
And that's when she text me and told me she prayed it
And that's when I text her and told her I love it
And right after texting, told her I'm faded
She asked
What have I learned since getting richer
I learned working with the negatives could make for better pictures
I learned Hennessey and enemies is one hell of a mixture
Even though it's fucked up, girl, I'm still fucking wit ya
Damn, is it the fall
Time for me to revisit the past
It's women to call
There's albums to drop, there's liquor involved
There's stories to tell, we been through it all
Interviews are like confessions
Get the fuck up out my dressing room, confusing me with questions
Like
Do you love this shit?
Are you high right now?
Do you ever get nervous?
Are you single?
I heard you fucked your girl, is it true?
You getting money? You think them niggas you with is wit' you?
And I say
(And I say) Hell yeah
Hell yeah, hell yeah
Fuckin' right
Fuckin' right, all right
(And we say) Hell yeah
Hell yeah, hell yeah
Fuckin' right
Fuckin' right, all right
So much for being optimistic
They say love is in the air, so I
Hold my breath until my face turn purple
Keep a few bad bitches in my circle
My nuts hang like ain't no curfew
Bitch if you wave, then I will surf you
I flew jet, she flew commercial
But we still met, later that night
After my session, she came over
I was aggressive, and she was sober
I gave her pills
She started confessing and started undressing
And ask me to hold her
And so I did, but that was last month
And now she's texting me, asking for closure
Damn
She say this shit gon' catch up to me
I keep tissue paper
We eat each other whenever we at the dinner table
She say she hate that she love me
And she wish I was average
Shit, sometimes I wish the same
And I wish she wasn't married
Promises, I hope I never break 'em
Met a female dragon, had a fire conversation but
Interviews are like confessions
Get the fuck up out my bedroom confusing me with questions like
Do you love this shit?
Are you high right now?
Do you ever get nervous?
Are you single?
I heard you fucked your girl, is it true?
You getting money? You think them niggas you with is wit' you?
(And I say) Hell yeah
Hell yeah, hell yeah
Fuckin' right
Fuckin right, all right
(And we say) Hell yeah
Hell yeah, hell yeah
Fuckin' right
Damn right, all right
(And we say) Hell yeah
Hell yeah, hell yeah
Fuckin' right
Fuckin' right, all right
(And we say) Hell yeah
Hell yeah, hell yeah
Fuckin' right
Damn right, all right
Aw Yeah
Uh,
Lets pull the two seater out baby
It's wherever you wanna go
Bobbin' to the music
This is how we do it, all night (all night)
Breezin' down the freeway
Just me and my baby
In our ride
Just me and my boss
No worries at all
Listening to the
Aston Martin music, music
Uh,
Would've came back for you
I just needed time,
To do what I had to do
Caught in the life,
I can't let it go
Whether that's right,
I won't ever know
Uh, but here goes nothing
When I'm alone in my room, sometimes I stare at the wall
Automatic weapons on the flo' but who can you call
My down bitch, one who live by the code
Put this music shit aside, gettin' it in on the road
Lotta quiet time, pink bottles of Rose
Exotic red-bottom sole body glitter in gold
Follwin' fundamentals, I'm followin' in a rental
I love a nasty girl who swallow what's on the menu
That money triple up when you get it out of state
Need a new safe 'cause I'm runnin' out of space
Elroy Jetson, I'm somewhere outta space
In my two-seater, she the one that I will take
Bobbin' to the music
This is how we do it, all night (all night)
Breezin' down the freeway
Just me and my baby
In our ride
Just me and my boss
No worries at all
Listening to the
Aston Martin music, music
Would've came back for you
I just needed time,
To do what I had to do
Caught in the life,
I can't let it go
Whether that's right,
I won't ever know
Uh, but here goes nothing
Pull up on the block in a drop-top chicken box
Mr. K.F.C, V.V'S is in the watch
Livin' fast where it's all about that money bag
Never front, you take it there, ain't no coming back
Top down, right here is where she wanna be
As my goals unfold right in front of me
Every time we fuck her soul take a hold of me
I dig her like pookie that pussy be contollin' me
That thang keep calling
Fuck maintain, boy I gotta keep ballin'!
Pink bottles keep comin'
James Bond coup pop-clutch, one hundred
Bobbin' to the music
This is how we do it, all night (all night)
Breezin' down the freeway
Just me and my baby
In our ride
Just me and my boss
No worries at all
Listening to the
Aston Martin music, music
Would've came back for you
I just needed time,
To do what I had to do
Caught in the life,
I can't let it go
Whether that's right,
I won't ever know
Uh, but here goes nothing
Aston Martin music, music
Aston Martin music, music (all night)
Aston Martin music, music
Aston Martin music, music
In our ride
Aston Martin music, music (all night)
Aston Martin music, music
In our ride
[Verse 1]
They say that all of yo old girls got somebody new
I say, "damn really? even Rosemary? even Leanne Seely?"
They said, "fuckin right, they were the 1st to go
Its nothing personal
it's just that all of them women you slept on were working though,
they was saving up
New niggas came around, they've been waking up with,
I swear, you don't know this city anymore
They might've loved you before
But you're out here doing your thing
They don't know you.."
Sure they do they're just not as sincere
It's crazy all the emotions forgot in a year
She like, "why you even give a fuck you not even here"
Well out there there ain't nothing for me, and I think I need to come home,
[Chorus]
Tell me, who did I leave behind?
You think you got to me
I can just read your mind
You think I'm so caught up in where,
I am right now
But believe I remember it all
[Verse 2]
I be with my nigga chubbs
he in love with street shit
No wonder why I feel awkward at this fashion week shit
No wonder why I keep fucking up the double cheek kiss
Along for that ignorant Young Money, Miami beach shit
A couple of artists got words for me , that's never fun
They say its on when they see me, that day don't ever come
I'm never scared, they never real, I never run
When all is said and done, more is always said than done
And I was told once, things will change,
by a nigga named tip when my deal came
Told me its all good, even when it feels strange
Now I'm the guy that know strippers by they real names
Rochelle, Jordanne, thick bitches, they just talked me out of 4 grand
How did a pile of kush become the mountain of truth
How did a bottle of wine become the fountain of youth
Damn, my biggest fear is losing it all
Remember how I used to feel at the start of it?
And now I'm living a muthafuckin fairy tale
And still trying to keep you feeling a part of it
Yea, just lie to my ears,
tell me it feel the same, its all I've been dying to hear
Lights get low, and that's when I have my brightest ideas
And I heard my city feel better than ever,
that's why I gotta come home,
[Chorus]
Tell me, who did I leave behind?
You think you got to me
I can just read your mind
You think I'm so caught up in where,
I am right now
But believe I remember it all
[Verse 3]
My mother is back to who she was years ago
Its like a new page me and her are beginning on
I wish she stopped checking up on women I cant stand
'cause I got new girls I could use her opinion on
She thinks I've become a slave to the wealth
But I'll never break the promises I made to myself
And I would never make up names for myself
Then change the names, that I just gave to myself
Certain rappers would call me to say, "wat up tho"
I used to brag about it to my friends, and now Im feeling like all of these niggas cutthroat
And maybe thats all they do, is just pretend, damn
But I bought it though, I believed it
Yea, I thought it, and I achieved it
Yea, so show me love, show me fucking love!
'cause I thought it was all I needed
Yea, Clearly I was wrong about it all along
And this will be the year that I wont even feel shit
They trip about the amount of people I brought along
But Im just trying to be surrounded by some real shit
Need credentials for everyone of these Toronto kids
I promise they see it with me, we just tryna live
I told 'em we bout to get it, and we finally did
Listen closely to my shit I swear it sounded like home
[Chorus]
Tell me, who did I leave behind?
You think you got to me
I can just read your mind
You think I'm so caught up in where,
I am right now
But believe I remember it all
[Outro - Bob Marley]
[End]
chillin with no make on thats when your the prettiest I hope you don't take it wrong
can tell that money's got you working
We've been talking for so long
Now we're finally here in person
I taste pain and regret, in your sweat
You've been waiting for me, oh ho
I can tell that you been practicing
I can tell that you been practicing
All those other men were practice, they were practice
Yeah, for me, for me, for me, for me
Girl you look good won't you back that ass up
You a fine motherfucker won't you back that ass up
Call me Big Daddy won't you back that ass up
Girl who is you playing with, back that ass up
You working with some ass yeah, you bad yeah
Girl you working with some ass yeah, you bad yeah
Girl you working with some ass yeah, you bad yeah
Make a nigga spend his cash yeah, his last yeah
Hoes frown when you pass yeah, they mad yeah
Couple thousand on your bag yeah, fuck yeah., fuck me just like that yeah.
Word on road, is the clique about to blow
You ain't gotta run and tell nobody they already know
We've been living on a high, they've been talking on a low
But it's cool, know you heard it all before
That's why I asked you how you mean, how you mean
Thought you knew about the team, (ay)
That's why I asked you how you mean, how you mean
Thought you knew about the team, (ay)
How you mean, how you mean, what you know about the team
Man these niggas need to stop it they be crowding up the scene
Baby girl you need to stop it all that pride and self esteem
Got you angry about this girl I'm with in all them magazines
Baby she look like a star, but only on camera
Only on camera, only on camera
It look like we in love, but only on camera
Only on camera, only on camera
Don't listen to the lies, I swear they all lies
You know I could be your knight in shining Armour All tires
Trying to tell you I'm the one, come and holla at me
Before I'm on the next thing, YMCMB (ah)
Ooh finally got you right here
Tonight I'll ease your mind
That's why I'm calling on you
And ooh soft your loves desire
It's hard to stay away
You keep me calling on you
How you mean, how you mean
Thought you knew about the team, (ay)
How you mean, how you mean
Thought you knew about the team, (ay)
How you mean, how you mean, what you know about the team
You just know what you get told girl I see behind the scene
She spilled whisky on her shirt, she gonna have to get it cleaned
She been going way too hard, someone has to intervene
Baby she look like a star, but only on camera
Only on camera, only on camera
It might look like I care, but only on camera
Only on camera, only on camera
Don't listen to the lies, I swear they all lies
You know I could be your knight in shining Armour All tires
Girl they love me like I'm Prince, like the new kid with the crown
Bunch of underground kings, thought you knew how we get down (ah)
Ooh finally got you right here
Tonight I'll ease your mind
That's why I'm calling on you
And ooh soft your loves desire
It's hard to stay away
You keep me calling on you
How you mean, how you mean, thought you knew about the team (ay)
How you mean, how you mean, thought you knew about the team (ay)
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah
Summer's mine
I swear I said about a hundred times, I'm gonna need it back
I wish that you would come and find me
Just to tell me that I haven't changed, girl I needed that from you
I'm getting money just taking care of me, girl
I'm spending time just taking care of me right now
I'm getting money just taking care of me, girl
Cause you'd be tired of taking care of me by now
But the good ones go
The good ones go, if you wait too long
But the good ones go
The good ones go, if you wait too long
So you should go
You should go, before you stay too long
Don't you go getting married, don't you go get engaged
I know you're getting older, don't have no time to waste
I shouldn't be much longer but you shouldn't have to wait
Can't lose you, can't help it, I'm so sorry, I'm so selfish
Uh, uh, I've been chilling in the city where the money's thrown high and the girls get down
In case you're starting to wonder why my new shit's sounding so H-town
But when it's all done, baby, I'm yours if you're still around
She knows, she knows, she knows
But the good ones go
The good ones go, if you wait too long
But the good ones go
The good ones go, if you wait too long
So you should go
You should go, before you stay too long
Uh
Uh huh, uh huh
Look
(Drake: Verse 1)
I let the beat bang
I don't claim colors
Honestly, the honesty is why the game love us
My women either centerfolds or on the main covers
Stunt so hard I make these niggas hate summer
And pray for winter
But when it's winter time
I'm still waitin' on these niggas at the finish line
We just took our first trip to the Amalfi Coast
Couple days on the beach
Then its adiios
(Killa)
Just look at what I done alone
You would swear we planted trees the way the money's grown
We been busy like some bees, no honeycomb
And you could probably feel the breeze when the money's blown
Pardon my towel and flip flop phase
I never be the reason that a bitch got paid
Even when I'm not functioning in tip top shape
I could bench as much as hip hop weighs
Drizzy
(Drake chorus)
Uh
I'm tryina bring it home
Even if I gotta do it on my own
I'm a mufuckin
Killa
Killa
Killa
Killa
Uh
And I'm the one to blame
Now that I'm around
Shit'll never be the same
I'm a.
Killa
Killa
(Look)
Killa
Killa nigga
(Listen, look)
(Nipsey Hussle Verse 2)
Before rap,
My last name was my lifestyle
And when I visualize success
It look like right now
What was once gray skies
Is now white clouds
And I did it with the ones y'all said was not the right crowd
Follow my steps
And you see what I'm bout
I keep my money comin' in
And never goin' out
From Chuck Taylors on the pavement with the blammers out
Then I hit the league straight out the streets with no talent scout
And now my face bring the cameras out
That young nigga these industry bitches yap about
You know the one the cops bunk you up and ask about
All because I took my wildest dreams and then mapped 'em out
I go for mine like it's overtime
Me and my niggas had to struggle so we over-shine
Been fuck bitches
I been on my grind
'Cuz on a mission your worst enemy is idle time
Hussle
Round of applause, baby make that ass clap
Drop it to the floor make that ass clap
Round of applause, baby make that ass clap
Drop it to the floor make that ass clap
Let me see you, bust it, bust it
Bust it, bust it, bust it, bust it baby drop it to the floor and
Bust it, bust it, bust it, bust it, bust it, bust it, drop it down and just
Bounce that ass, shake that ass like the Twerk Team
Hair long, ass fat, shawty mean
That girl look like Halle Berry when I'm on them beans (rollin!)
When I hit the scene girls yellin' and they scream
"Flocka can you be my baby daddy?" Yes!
Pimpin' like I'm Dolemite, hoes jump in my Caddy
Smoke like I got cataract
In the strip club thrown up them stacks got racks on top of racks
Bust that pussy make that ass clap, clap, clap
I ain't done with you, baby bring that ass back
Still got twenties, still got fifties, even got them hundreds
Throw some money, throw some money I'mma let it go
Waka Flocka Flame, better known as Mr. Let It Go
Round of applause, baby make that ass clap
Drop it to the floor make that ass clap
Round of applause, baby make that ass clap
Drop it to the floor make that ass clap
Let me see you, bust it, bust it
Bust it, bust it, bust it, bust it baby drop it to the floor and
Bust it, bust it, bust it, bust it, bust it, bust it, drop it down and just
Ugh, bust it like you can't afford a car
You a star, you look in the mirror, you know who you are, right?
Cool take it low, take it way lower than that
I fly private when I go, ain't no layover on that
Yeah I made it to the top, took a seat, still sittin' man
I'm up in Stadium in D.C. still tippin' man
She could have payed tuition five times, still strippin'
I just throw a couple bills, and she'll have a pair of heels
Oh no, there I go, magic trickin' on your ass
Throwin' every president except for Nixon on your ass
Make you rich, I feel like I should make commission on your ass
Wonder what you would ever do if I went missin' on your ass ah
Round of applause, baby make that ass clap
Drop it to the floor make that ass clap
Round of applause, baby make that ass clap
Drop it to the floor make that ass clap
Let me see you, bust it, bust it
Bust it, bust it, bust it, bust it, baby drop it to the floor and
Bust it, bust it, bust it, bust it, bust it, bust it, drop it down and just
Throwin' them stacks, OMG, SMH when I'm on that stage
Pourin' Rose all on her ass, a round of applause baby pop that pussy
Drop it down for me girl do a split
Do you smoke girl? Gotta zip
White Rmy Martin, who wanna sip?
4-5 on my hip but I came one deep and every word I say is slurrin'
Vision, man is blurrin', drunk too much liquor
Smoke too much weed, bitch I'm on too much E
I'm so high, y'all will miss me
In love with strip clubs, shawty I'm a big tipper
Two hundred then I pull down my zipper, ugh
Shawty say she want me and she wanna meet my crew, squad
Niggas know we go hard, squad
Round of applause, baby make that ass clap
Drop it to the floor make that ass clap
Round of applause, baby make that ass clap
Drop it to the floor make that ass clap
Let me see you, bust it, bust it
Bust it, bust it, bust it, bust it, baby drop it to the floor and
Bust it, bust it, bust it, bust it, bust it, bust it, drop it down and just
I know way too many people here right now
That I didn't know last year, who the fuck are y'all?
I swear it feels like the last few nights
We been everywhere and back
But I just can't remember it all
What am I doin'? What am I doin'?
Oh, yeah, that's right, I'm doin' me
I'm doin' me
I'm livin' life right now, mayne
And this what I'm a do 'til it's over
'Til it's over
But it's far from over
Bottles on me, long as someone drink it
Never drop the ball, fuck are y'all thinkin'?
Makin' sure the Young Money ship is never sinkin'
'Bout to set it off, in this bitch, Jada Pinkett
I shouldn't've drove, tell me how I'm gettin' home
You too fine to be layin' down in bed alone
I could teach you how to speak my language, Rosetta Stone
I swear this life is like the sweetest thing I've ever known
'Bout to go Thriller Mike Jackson on these niggas
All I need's a fucking red jacket with some zippers
Super good smiddoke, a package of the swishers
I did it overnight, it couldn't happen any quicker
Y'all know them? Well, fuck it, me either
But point the biggest skeptic out, I'll make him a believer
It wouldn't be the first time I done it, throwin' hundreds
When I should be throwin' ones, bitch, I run it (Ah)
I know way too many people here right now
That I didn't know last year, who the fuck are y'all?
I swear it feels like the last few nights
We been everywhere and back
But I just can't remember it all
What am I doin'? What am I doin'?
Oh, yeah, that's right, I'm doin' me
I'm doin' me
I'm livin' life right now, mayne
And this what I'm a do 'til it's over
'Til it's over
But it's far from over
One thing 'bout music, when it hits you feel no pain
And I swear I got that shit that make these bitches go insane
So they tell me that they love me, I know better than that, it's just game
It's just what comes with the fame, and I'm ready for that, I'm just sayin'
But I really can't complain, everything is kosher
Two thumbs up, Ebert and Roeper
I really can't see the end getting any closer
But I probly still be the man when everything is over
So I'm riding through the city with my high beams on
Can you see me? Can you see me? Get your Visine on
Y'all just do not fit the picture, turn your widescreen on
If you thinkin' I'm a quit before I die, dream on
Man, they treat me like a legend, am I really this cold?
I'm really too young to be feelin' this old
It's about time you admit it, who you kiddin', man?
Man, nobody's never done it like I did it (Ugh)
I know way too many people here right now
That I didn't know last year, who the fuck are y'all?
I swear it feels like the last few nights
We been everywhere and back
But I just can't remember it all
What am I doin'? What am I doin'?
Oh, yeah, that's right, I'm doin' me
I'm doin me
I'm livin' life right now, mayne
And this what I'm a do 'til it's over
'Til it's over
But it's far from over
Yeah, that's right, I'm doin' me
I'm doin me
I'm livin' life right now, mayne
And this what I'm a do 'til it's over
'Til it's over
But it's far from over
Yeah, this on some "old Tommy Campos Dice Raw" shit
For my niggas, though
You underestimated greatly
Most number ones ever, how long did it really take me
The part I love most is they need me more than they hate me
So they never take shots, I got everybody on safety
I could load every gun with bullets that fire backwards
You probably wouldn't lose a single rapper
Niggas make threats, can't hear 'em over the laughter
Yeah, that's cause I'm headed to the bank, nigga
Sinatra lifestyle, I'm just being Frank with you
I mean, where you think she at when she ain't with you
Wildin', doin' shit that's way out of your budget
Owl sweaters inside her luggage, you gotta love it
Damn, this shit could go on a tape
Bitches lovin' my drive, I never give it a break
Give these niggas the look, the verse, and even the hook
That's why every song sound like Drake featuring Drake
Straight, Y pree? Why is it always me?
Got us watchin' our words like there's wire taps on the team
Cause I show love, never get the same outta niggas
Guess it's funny how money can make change outta niggas
For real
Some nobody started feelin' himself
A couple somebodies started killin' themself
A couple albums dropped, those are still on the shelf
I bet them shits would have popped if I was willin' to help
I got a gold trophy from the committee for validation
Bad press during the summer over allegations
I ain't lyin', my nigga, my time is money
That's why I ain't got time for a nigga who's time is comin'
A lot of niggas PR stuntin' like that's the movement
And I'm the only nigga still known for the music
I swear, fuck them niggas this year
I made Forbes list, nigga
Fuck your list, everything's lookin' gorgeous
Without me, rap is just a bunch of orphans
But if I stay in the shit, there's a bunch of corpses
And me and my dread nigga from New Orleans
Stashin' money like hoarders off multi-platinum recordings
Eat it like I'm seated at Swish, Sotto, and Joso's
Nothing Was The Same, this shit for Easy and Cocoa
This shit for Kareem, this shit for Jaevon
This shit for Julius, Milly Mill
Boy we do this shit for real
All them boys in my will
All them boys is my Wills
Anything happen to pop and I got you like Uncle Phil
Weezy been on that edge, you niggas just need to chill
If anything happen to papi, might pop a nigga for real
Comin' live from the screwface, livin' out a suitcase
But I'm feelin' good, Johnny got me pushin' two plates
My weight up, I refuse to wait up, I started a new race
It's funny when you think a nigga blew up after Lupe
Niggas treat me like I've been here for ten
Some niggas been here for a couple, never been here again
I'm on my King James shit, I'm tryin' to win here again
A young nigga tryin' to win here again
Man, what's up
Yeah, a young nigga tryin' to win here again
If I like her, I just fly her to the city I'm in
I got her drinkin' with your boy
I got her fucked up, shorty, aw yeah
Aye my section in the club, Remy, Rose
When you're all ready say go, okay
Everybody pop a bottle, make that thing go pop!
Everybody pop a bottle, make that thing go pop!
You see him standing on the furniture doing his thing
Tell the club owner, fuck yo' couch, Rick James nigga
Pop a bottle, make that thing go bloaw
Let her drink it till she drown
Atta girl gon' wild, pop a bottle
Bring the 1738 Champagne the boss
Watch ya gettin' money make it rain buy a bottle
Pop a cork, dork
If I may retort
I ball just as hard tomorrow as the day before
I pop bottles but I don't pour
Save the glass for guys, we ballin' on a budget
Fuck it, let your glasses rise
I'm straight to the head with mine, why you acting surprised
Ask any hoe who know me, all I do is smash and ride
Buckets of bubbly, shake it up and let it splash in the eyes
No subtraction, only cash to divide
We gettin' money, bank roll, super sized
Whether rain, sleet, sunny
Let the good times roll and the bottles keep coming
My section in the club, Remy, Rose
When you're all ready say go, okay
Everybody pop a bottle, make that thing go boaw!
Everybody pop a bottle, make that thing go boaw!
You see him standing on the furniture doing his thing
Tell the club owner, fuck yo' couch, Rick James nigga
Pop a bottle, make that thing go boaw!
Let her drink it till she drown
Atta girl gon' wild, pop a bottle
Yeah, okay, bring that shit to poppa
I heard you talk bout other niggas
Them other niggas no matter
The tag team back bitch, boom shakalaka
Me and Weezy run this bitch so bring me one soda and vodka
And a fiji for my nigga cause the police probably watching
Man, probation is a bitch but going back is not an option
We be soning all these niggas, put there ass up for adoption
Man we start with straight shots, then get the bottle poppin'
We be working all night, telethon shit
Roll a super skinny one, Chanel Iman shit
Ooh, that's that fire, that's that have you calm shit
You with a lot of dudes, that's that Elton John shit
Ah, to each his own, I like a fruit that's grown
I like a bad bitch from a decent home
Me and Tip, that's that pimpin' that we preachin' on
And everybody tryna listen nigga, speakerphone
My section in the club, Remy, Rose
When you're all ready say go, okay
Everybody pop a bottle, make that thing go boaw!
Everybody pop a bottle, make that thing go boaw!
You see him standing on the furniture doing his thing
Tell the club owner, fuck yo' couch, Rick James nigga
Pop a bottle, make that thing go boaw!
Let her drink it till she drown
Atta girl gon' wild, pop a bottle
I know the sucker wish the judge threw the book at me
Cause I show up to the club, super cool, look at me
Everything brand new, you get money like who?
Spent one fifty on my car and my Audemar too
When I walk up in the spot, ain't nobody saw you
They see me like "there he go"
Look at you like "ah who?"
Bought every bottle at the bar
Shorty you know how I do
I take 'em all across your, I ain't finna argue
Still big shit poppin', nothing changed but my clothes
Triple digits in my pocket, rubber band bank roll
Tell the bitch I take you places where your man can't go
Can't be, he ain't doing shit, if he ain't me
Cant you see the difference between us when I walkin' to the door
Your twenty thousand worth of ones, start letting money go
Let it fly, throw some twenty when my one running wallet low
Fifty stack, I'ma show you how to ball, triple that
My section in the club, Remy, Rose
When you're all ready say go, okay
Everybody pop a bottle, make that thing go boaw!
Everybody pop a bottle, make that thing go boaw!
You see him standing on the furniture doing his thing
Tell the club owner, fuck yo' couch, Rick James nigga
Pop a bottle, make that thing go boaw!
Let her drink it till she drown
Atta girl gon' wild, pop a bottle
She says "kiss me like you miss me, fuck me like you hate me
And when you're fucking someone else just fuck her like she ain't me"
Damn, those words are scary, those words are scary virgin Mary
I just tell her to spare me
I was in love two years ago and gave the baggage to my ex
It's all for her to carry, bags she deserve to carry
I hate that ho, I make it so hard just to talk, don't I?
I get off topic don't I? I get it poppin' don't I?
I'll end up stopping won't I? And by the time I end up stopping
You'll be rocking one of the rings you pointed out while shopping with a nigga don't lie
She's losing it right now, cause if I wasn't who I am, she would've been moving in by now
But instead we're moving slow, I guess she's used to it by now
And she gives me all her trust and I'm abusing it right now
But this money coming in is just confusing shit right now
You just told me I ain't shit and I guess I'm proving it right now
I say I'd rather be with you but you are not around
So I'mma call somebody up and see if they be down
Cause I hate sleeping alone, I hate sleeping alone
Half the time we don't end up fucking, I don't ask her for nothing
You leave me in the morning, I don't see her for months
But I just hate sleeping alone, I hate sleeping alone
So she's here and we're both so gone
Hotel to hotel, girl, I could use your company
Full name and birthday, I book a flight, you come to me
But she don't want a weekend, she wants all of me or none of me
If she can't work with all of me then she say she done with me
You say that you over me you always end up under me
You know how it goes, don't be crazy, don't play dumb with me
Don't start with yo shit, I put you back in yo place
She tells me "I bet you won't, you won't say that to my face"
And hang up yeah, how dare you tell me it's tougher for you
Like I don't hear about the niggas you fucking with, too
And whoever I be with, they got nothing on you
That's just something to do when there's nothing to do
Yeah, but she's losing it right now
She has choices she should make I think she's choosing it right now
One more chance to make it right, I think I'm using it right now
You just said I never learn I guess I'm proving it right now
I say I'd rather be with you but you are not around
So I'mma call somebody up and see if they be down
Cause I hate sleeping alone, I hate sleeping alone
Half the time we don't end up fucking, I don't ask her for nothing
You leave me in the morning, I don't see her for months
But I just hate sleeping alone, I hate sleeping alone
So she's here and we're both so gone
Don't f-ck with me, don't f-ck with me
Don't f-ck with me, don't f-ck with me
[Drake - Verse 1]
I got car money, fresh start money
I want Saudi money, I want art money
I want women to cry and pour out their heart for me
And tell me how much they hate it when they apart from me
Yeh, and lately I do bitches the meanest
Tell em I love em and don't ever mean it
We go on dates I send the Maybach out the neighbourhoods, they never seen it
That shit is dangerous but it so convenient
I aint lying, yeah
And comfortable I sit
That manual Ferrari Italian, some fly shit
It's sittin' at the house like I bought it in '9-6
Cause honestly I'm too f-cking busy to drive stick
I swear, too f-cking busy, too busy f-cking
This nigga girl, but to me she wasn't
Been hot before they open doors for me
Preheated oven, I'm in this so
But I aint finished though
It's been a minute though
My newest girl back home, got issues with parents
And some charges, how the f-ck can I get her to Paris
Luckilly, I'm the greatest my country's ever seen
So chances are I get the border to issue me clearance
Dreams money can buy
Everybody yelled surprised I wasn't surprised
Thats only cause I been waitin' on it, nigga
So f-ck whoever hatin on a nigga
Of course
Don't f-ck with me, don't f-ck with me
Dont, don't f-ck with me, don't f-ck with me
Dont, don't f-ck with me, don't f-ck with me
Dont, don't f-ck with me, don't f-ck with me
Don't
Food from India, she in Charlotte Olympia's
We talked music for hours she never mentioned ya
Can't tell you how much I love when niggas think they got it
And I love the fact that line made 'em think about it
YMCMB these niggas make it so hard to be friendly when I know part of it's envy
Tryna fill the shoes, nigga so far these are empty
I take 'em off in the house because the throw carpets are Fendi
Ohh, I never seen the car you claim to drive
Shit I seen it, you just aint inside
And I feel like lately I went from top 5 to remaining 5
My favourite rappers either lost it or they aint alive
And they tryna bring us down me, Weezy and Stunna
We stayed up, Christmas lights in the middle of summer
And if the girl standing next to me got a fat ass
Then I'll probably give her my number
Yeah, I throw my dollars up high
And they land on the stage, dance on
We got company coming over
Would it kill you to put some pants on
Dreams money can buy
They told me it's like a high, it wasnt a lie
Yeah, just have some good p-ssy waiting on a nigga
And f-ck whoever hatin' on a nigga
I like that pusyy but the pussy hate me cause i be leavin im just a playa
(Another one) Yeah I stay down with my day one niggas and we in the club screaming
No new friends, no new friends, no new friends, no, no new (DJ Khaled!)
Still here with my day one niggas, so you hear me say
No new friends, no new friends, no new friends, no, no new
I still ride with my day one niggas, I don't really need
No new friends, no new friends, no new friends, no, no new
I stay down from day one so I say fuck all y'all niggas, except my niggas
Fuck all y'all niggas, except my niggas
One more time, fuck all y'all niggas, except my niggas
Fuck all y'all niggas, stay down from day one so I say
(Fuck a fake friend, where your real friends at? Started!)
Uh man this shit so ill that we had to restart it
H-town my second home like I'm James Harden
Money counter go burr', when you sellin' out the garden
Four car garage, porn star mnage
Birdman go brrr 'cause he know this shit retarded
Fuck her on the floor before we make it to the bed
That's what your ass really call it started from the bottom, yes lord
O-V-O sound man I'm proud of my niggas,
Knew that we would make it never doubted my niggas
All my bitches love me if I had a baby mama she would probably be richer then a lot of you niggas aye!
That's luxury dog, day one niggas ya stuck with me dawg
Ever since Youtube niggas been calling me the leader of the new school fuck with me dog, yeah
No new friends, no new friends, no new friends, no, no new
Still here with my day one niggas, so you hear me say
No new friends, no new friends, no new friends, no, no new (Let's ride)
I still ride with my day one niggas, I don't really need
No new friends, no new friends, no new friends, no, no new
I stay down from day one so I say fuck all y'all niggas, except my niggas
Fuck all y'all niggas, except my niggas
One more time fuck all y'all niggas, except my niggas
Fuck all y'all niggas, stay down from day one so I say
Your bitch all in my photographs, ho niggas got hate for me
Big homies all certified, nothing niggas gon' take from me
Follow codes, study game, feed fam' nigga fuck fame
All black my whip foreign, these bad hoes keep tiptoeing
Down in Turks and Caicos, dope boy that's my dress code
All I hug is blood nigga, Khaled that's my flesh tho
All I want is love nigga, money bring that stress though
Smoke good I love life, strip club like e'rry night
E'rry night my same niggas, day one straight menace
Ros! No new friends, no new friends, no new friends, no, no new
Still here with my day one niggas, so you hear me say
No new friends, no new friends, no new friends, no, no new (Let's ride)
I still ride with my day one niggas, I don't really need
No new friends, no new friends, no new friends, no, no new
I stay down from day one so I say fuck all y'all niggas, except my niggas (Let's go)
Fuck all y'all niggas, except my niggas
One more time, fuck all y'all niggas, except my niggas
Fuck all y'all niggas, stay down from day one so I say
(Fuck a fake friend, where your real friends at? Started!)
Ugh, I'm here with my niggas, I'm too high to be friendly
They throw dirt on my name, well that's why they still dig me
And I'm tired of all this hating, I thank God for my patience
I thank God for my homies, I wish we could trade places
Bitch we good-fellas, boy all them niggas with you they just pall bearers
And if we ball catch us, remember sip slow, live fast
Young Money, stay young I been Cash Money since day one, Tunechi
No new friends, no new friends, no new friends, no, no new
Still here with my day one niggas, so you hear me say
No new friends, no new friends, no new friends, no, no new (Let's ride)
I still ride with my day one niggas, I don't really need
No new friends, no new friends, no new friends, no, no new
I stay down from day one so I say fuck all y'all niggas, except my niggas
Fuck all y'all niggas, except my niggas
One more time, fuck all y'all niggas, except my niggas
Fuck all y'all niggas, stay down from day one so I say
Fuck all y'all niggas, except my niggas
Fuck all y'all niggas, except my niggas
Fuck all y'all niggas, except my niggas
Fuck all y'all niggas,
Fuck them other niggas 'cause I'm down for my niggas
Fuck them other niggas 'cause I'm down for my niggas
Fuck them other niggas 'cause I'm down for my niggas
Fuck them other bitches 'cause I'm down for my bitches
[Rick Ross]
Tat my name on you girl so I know its real
Tat my fucking name on you so I know its real
[Verse 1: Drake]
Tell a bad bitch girl, lets go hang
You know me, rolex, gold chain
Fuck my young niggas, XO gang
Get so drunk you forget yo name
Incense, burning, smoking out to my own shit
Got black wood in my white Range, Im taking off when that light change
Im Drizzy Drake to my old bitches, Voodoo child to my new hoes
I miss this and I want it back, So Im all in with these new flows
New flows, got new flows, rap is stress but it pays great
Pimp flows 'n screw flows, my shit be sounding like great taste now
Lemme go and hit that cup, 1 time before a nigga hit that road
These days keep going by too fast, so give anything that make shit go slow
Yea, money in my safe, but I'm living dangerous
They told me shit would change, but I don't really see no change in us, oh no
[Hook: Drake]
Tat my name on you so I know its real
Tat my fucking name on you so I know its real
I know it hurts, But I aint tryna hear it
'Cause when Im not around, I'll still be there in spirit
You'll still be mine, yea, you'll still be mine
Tat my fucking name on you, when I go you'll still be mine, yea
You'll still be mine, yea, I'll still be yours
Tat my fucking name on you, let em know you love the boy, wassup
[Verse 2: Rick Ross]
I fondle the money, fornicate with a fortune
I play with her mind, she masturbate with my Porsche
Its simple love, simple math
Her chest nice, not a wrinkle in her ass
Puffin' purple hash welcome to my power circle
Sucker free no snitching and we know when cowards working
Rolls Royce rollin', rose gold rollie's
NBA accountants, amounts they get unholy
But mama still praying for her rubberband man
When them wheels land, Travis Barker drums playin'
Tap dance to my drum roll, I love a bitch that know to keep me one rolled
[Hook: Drake]
Tat my name on you so I know its real
Tat my fucking name on you so I know its real
I know it hurts, But I aint tryna hear it
'Cause when Im not around, I'll still be there in spirit
You'll still be mine, yea, you'll still be mine
Tat my fucking name on you, when I go you'll still be mine, yea
You'll still be mine, yea, I'll still be yours
Tat my fucking name on you, let em know you love the boy, wassup
[Verse 3: Drake]
I dont have to work in the morning so I always stay for 1 more
fuck what they say, Im telling you theres no side effects Im sure
Went from driving up on some old shit, to drivers opening doors
This is my town, if you need something just ask for its yours
Yea, ask for its yours, if you ask for it its done
I could Western Union some money, get your passport and then come
You'll meet everybody I know, at first it might seem like a lot
But they're all playing their role, Put that on everything that I got
And all I care about is my city, man I cant say it enough
I done heard things about y'all that they cant say about us
I just hold it down for my side, I just hold it down for my set
I give everybody a piece of this, and I make due whats left
Yea I do this shit to the death, yea I do this shit till Im gone
yea, I told you that its our world, and you foolish thinking Im wrong
Stop asking how the fucking needle feel
Tat my fucking name on you, let these niggas know its real, wassup
[Hook]
Tat my name on you so I know its real
Tat my fucking name on you so I know its real
I know it hurts, But I aint tryna hear it
'Cause when Im not around, I'll still be there in spirit
You'll still be mine, yea, you'll still be mine
Tat my fucking name on you, when I go you'll still be mine, yea
You'll still be mine, yea, I'll still be yours
Tat my fucking name on you, let em know you love the boy, wassup
[End]
[Drake - Chorus]
All I care about is money and the city that I'm from
I'ma sip until I feel it, I'ma smoke it till it's done
And I don't really give a fuck, and my excuse is that I'm young
And I'm only getting older somebody shoulda told ya
I'm on one
Yeah, fuck it, I'm on one
Yeah, I said I'm on one
Fuck it, I'm on one
A strong one
Two white cups and I got that drink
It could be purple, it could be pink
Depending on how you mix that shit
Money that we got, never get that shit
Cause I'm on one
F-ck it I'm on one
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
You know what I'm like, oh yes, oh yeah
Oh yes, Oh yeah
Oh yes, Oh yeah
You know what I'm sippin, I teach you how to mix it
But you're the only one, cause I don't trust these bitches
I don't, I don't trust these bitches
They might catch me slippin'
So you're the only one, cause I don't trust these bitches
They might, they might catch me slippin' and put in something different
So your the only one
Cause I don't trust these bitches
I don't, I don't trust these bitches
They might catch me slippin'
So you're the only one
Oh ooooh, trust issues
Oh ooooh, trust issues
Oh ooooh, trust issues
Oh ooo oooo oooo ooh
Oh yeah, oh yeah
Lets call up on drinkin, lets all get wasted
On drinkin', lets all get faded
Uh
Drizzy Drake, check me out
Coming live from the the muthaf-cking north side
Kick game, run game, run it real good
But never ever have my bitches sittin' courtside
Same nigga that you knew way back when
You actin' like it's somebody you don't know
Tell me how the f-ck we supposed to stay friends
When you got a bunch of feelings that you don't show
I can tell, I can tell, I can tell certain people don't like me no more
New shit don't excite me no more
Guess they don't really make 'em like me no more
Uh, you can look me in my eyes and see I ain't myself
Cause if I was what y'all created then I'd hate myself
But still, let them girls in,
And tell em all leave their cell phones on the table where we see 'em
I'm all day with it man, AM to the PM
Niggas hatin', I just wish they would say it when I see em all
That's that shit that drives me crazy
And it's all that I've been gettin' lately
And it's probably why I'm scared to put the time in
Women wanna f-ck like their me and I'm them
Looking for some things and I think I can find it in you, in you
Oh ooooh, trust issues
Oh ooooh, trust issues
Oh ooooh, trust issues
Oh oooo oooo oooo ooh
Oh yeah, oh yeah
Lets call up on drinkin, lets all get wasted
On drinkin', lets all get faded
Oh yeah, oh yeah
ooooh ooooh trust issues
Yea
It's drizzy baby
You already know what it is
It's the first time I'm high
It's the first time I smoked in like 3 months
I'm sorry momma I had to do it to 'em
Forty I see you
Oh I see you homie
I stay late tonight right
You know what happen when I stay late, heh
Yea
Boy wonder
I swear its like this every single time
Toronto I got you
I got us
Yea
I'm a hard guy to get along wit
Get on a song wit
Where shit be going right
Well I just flip it to the wrong shit
The team that I belong to
Tha artists I put on wit
Don't ever ask for nothin cause them niggaz got they own shit
Me 'n Weezy like a mouthful of hot peppers
Black Ferrari with the red seats
I call it playin checkers
I'm never doing verses
I'm forever giving lectures
If you're tryna meet with money
I'd be happy to connect ya
Life is, better than its ever been
Scheduling million dollar meetings with the president
Someone cut the lights on
Where is Thomas Edison
Got a new condo watch me as I settle in
I deserve a MTV show for me and my people
And if you tryna zone I got a whole swisha sweet full
Rappers are liars and they women are deceitful
Adding till they subtract me I never be a equal
Last place Drizzy is the nigga in the lead now
Weezy told me just write every single thing you need down
Then he got it for me and I'm happy as can be now
Bout to start ballin' like I'm coming off ofa rebound
Yea
And I should have the most bragging rights
Because a nigga spit crack, bag it tight
Hate when rappers say they tryna get they swagger right
Cause I done came wit mo' fire than a dragon fight
Fuck you pussy ass hater you should do you
You ain't heard of me then you should go and get a Blue's Clue
Oops I mean a red clue
Wayne's here, su WOO
Bet he felt that like the end of a pool cue
But I ain't banging I ain't waving no flag
I'm ATF but they ain't seein no badge
Its heartbreak Drake I hate to see 'em so sad
I could son you, see a little me in yo' dad
I'm the same yellow boy that used to play up on degrassi
Can pocket twenty thousand to be anywhere they ask me
Cash like Johnny, Banks like Ashley
Burning like a Camel Light
Stupid hoe ash me
But don't ask me shit about me
And kno the game really ain't shit without me
She might have to pay me but I dick her down free
Wanna know if its the truth then pull the zipper down and see
' no homo though
Yea
Ummm
I'm goin then
Drizzy I got us
This is my promise
Ima bring that barrel to them bitches
Eye liners and what I make up will fuck up your skin
I pick the buck up and buck buck and buck buck again
I will butt fuck your friend then suck up her twin
I put the buck up to him then buck buck and buck buck and buck buck again
Suck nut you duck fuck your unlovin kin
Now don't rub it in
Like Lubriderm on a new tattoo I had to
Kick my princess up out my castle dad who
Never had that dude
Always had a black tool
Even when I was at school 'cause bullies aren't bulletproof
Red scarf hoodie too
Probably ain't as hood as you
Stupid motherfucker the only thing in the hood is you
I do everything good as you no I do everything better
I get paid for every letter ABC etcetera
Fetch a bone, like a dog motherfucker
I am goin for you neck in a sec intercept
And my exit comin up yup
Ya I am headed for the buck like
Buck buck again might fly to LA and just fuck Karrine
Nah fuck Karrine lets get bucks again
And fuckin spend them bucks and then just fuck Karrine
If I told you ima do it I did it
Got my city on my fitted
Bout to pop a lets get it
Lets get it motherfucker what you waitin on
It is about a minute past piss and I'm bout to get shitted
I'm wit it if money is the it you want me with
And ill probably just spit on the chick you won't be with
And I hate a bony bitch only like em only thick
And I own hiphop if you don't spit I'm gon evict
And I just sold a lot of property to a buyer
And I think his name was kinda like drake drizzy rogers or
Drizzy drake rogers I'm too busy to play father
And when it comes to the game I'm to willing to play harder
So harder I go there he go
They chant mvp when I shoot a free-throw, CEO
Jazz what it do
The haters on their face and then their ass is a shoe
Faster than you
Badder than you
Radder than you, etcetera
I told you I get paid by the letter like
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXY
ZZ top, yes he rock
And me and drizzy both wrote on detox
That was just a foot note
How long can he could go
Wonderin when he stop'
Bitch when the beat stop
So ima keep rockin
Till the sheet rock bend
In the heat I singe
Burnt skin
THE END
Young mula baby, un huh
They know they know they know. Money over everything money on my mind.
People
Around the world they say I'm bitter
But I can say I'm not quitter
And you can't
And people
No they don't apologize
That's why we have to advertise
In the paper
I can't make you stop and listen
That won't save you
And I can't believe everybody wants to party
All night long until the birds are singing
So do what you want to do
Be what you want to be
Live how you want to live
If you want to be free
Then you're going to be free
But people
Don't you know it's not polite to point and stare
No that's not the way to show you care
About the way you live
But I bet you don't give a
And people
You've got to give it up where credit's due
But you only did it 'cause I told you to
Well too bad so sad hope I didn't make you mad
I can't make you stop and listen
That won't save you
And I can't believe everybody wants to party
All night long until the birds are singing
Well the birds are singing
So do what you want to do
Be what you want to be
Live how you want to live
If you want to be free
Then you're going to be free
So say what you want to say
And hear what you want to hear
Live how you want to live
If you want to be free
Then you're going to be free
If you want to be, got to be, have to be let me be free
I'm the f***in' man, you don't get it do ya?
Type of money everybody acting like they knew ya
Go uptown, New York City b****
Some Spanish girls love me like I'm Aventura
Tell Uncle Luke I'm out in Miami too
Clubbing hard, f***in' women ain't much to do
Wrist bling, got a condo up in Biscayne
Still getting brain from a thang, ain't s*** changed
How you feel? How you feel? How you feel?
Twenty five sittin' on twenty-five mil uh
I'm in the building and I'm feeling myself
Rest in peace Mac Dre, I'mma do it for the Bay, okay
Getting paid well holla wen ever that stop
My team good, we don't really need a mascot
Tell Tune "light one, pa** it like a relay"
YMCMB you n****s more YMCA
Me, Freddie, Marley Marl at the cribbo
Shout goes out to Niko, J and Chubbs, shout to Gibbo
We got Santa Margarita by the liter
She know even if I'm f***in' with her, I don't really need her
Ahhh, That's how you feel man?
That's really how you feel?
Cause the pimpin' ice cold, all these b****es wanna chill
I mean maybe she won't
Then again maybe she will
I can almost guarantee she know the deal
Real n**** wassap
Now she want a photo Ya
You already know though
You only live once, that's the motto n**** YOLO
We 'bout it every day, every day, every day
Like we sittin' on the bench, n**** we don't really play
Every day, every day, f*** what anybody say
Can't see 'em 'cause the money in the way
Real n**** wassup?
One, time f*** one time
I'm calling n****s out like the umpire
Seven, grams in the blunt
Almost drowned in her p**** so I swam to her butt
It's Eastside, we in this b****
Wish a n**** would like a tree in this b****
And if a leaf fall put some weed in that b****
That's my MO add a B to that s***
I'm f***ed up, torn down
I'm twisted: door knob
Talk stupid, off with your head!
N**** money talks and Mr Ed! Ya
I'm so Young Money got a drum on the gun
Energizer bunny
Funny how honey ain't sweet like sugar
Ain't s*** sweet n****s on the street like hookers
I tongue kiss her other tongue
Skeet skeet skeet: water gun
Oh my God Becky look at her butt
Tunechi
Now she want a photo Ya
You already know though
You only live once, that's the motto n**** YOLO
We 'bout it every day, every day, every day
Like we sittin' on the bench, n**** we don't really play
Every day, every day, f*** what anybody say
Can't see 'em 'cause the money in the way
Real n**** wassup?
Wassap wassap
Real n**** wassup
Real n**** wassup
Now she want a photo Ya
You already know though
You only live once, that's the motto n**** YOLO
We 'bout it every day, every day, every day
Like we sittin' on the bench, n**** we don't really play
Every day, every day, f*** what anybody say
Can't see 'em 'cause the money in the way
Real n**** wassup?
Wassap, wassap
None of you would help me when I baked by bread
Now all of you would help me eat it
I can see that you are very well fed
This indicates that you don't need it
Enough said
Enough said
Stop and let me tell you what tomorrow holds for you
Stop and let me tell you 'bout a plan I have for you
Take all the leaders from around the world
Put them together in a great big ring
Televise it as the lowest show on earth
And let them fight like hell to see who's king
Gather up the pieces when the fight is done
Then you'll find out living really can be fun
The next thing I say to you will be true, the last thing I said was false
Remember to do nothing when you don't know what to do you
You wanted a world you could figure out
But something happened while you were asleep
You wanted a good life you could brag about
Too bad they took the parts you wanted to keep
Enough said
Enough said
Stop and let me tell you what tomorrow holds for you
Stop and let me tell you 'bout a plan I have for you
Take all the leaders from around the world
Put them together in a great big ring
Televise it as the lowest show on earth
And let them fight like hell to see who's king
Gather up the pieces when the fight is done
Then you'll find out living really can be fun
Enough said
Wassup, real nigga doing real stuff
Get a lot of money, you could never get enough
And you know the new shit sounds so tough
So and so just walked on, so what?
I don't really vibe with a lot of these niggas
I ain't really into giving more than one chance, girl
I already tried with a lot of these niggas
Fuck that, that team don't know real, what's that?
That can't be from here
That can't be what they believe in, is the best shit fo the year
That's that fake shit, that's that fake shit
That that top row of veneer
Just when they getting impatient
When I make a world premiere
Uh, damn, word, award shows coming
Make sure you spell that shit right
Make sure they give me all the credit I deserve
Make sure the good stuff's still in that Sprite
They watch us make that shit into a song
Ya ain't livin' that boy stop stealin' that life
Anything could happen when I do see ya
Guess it all depends on how I'm feelin' that night
Okay, live my life in hotels
Bitch better have my room right
If they kill me, bury me a legend
Bitch better have my tomb right
Ah, this is perfect for the women that I love before
I love em all, I just love me more
I could bet all of the riches that I ever have
Rush in the night like a shock-wave wouldn't be bad
If I had to? cause of the? that run up my back
You must? nothing else can leave me of track
Hey, yeah
You're like a wildfire
Got me rising high
You're innocence, who's the brave?
Drowning in, would you save me?
It's a crime if you don't, you'll despair
By the throat
I could bet all of the riches that I ever have
Rush in the night like a shock-wave wouldn't be bad
Hey, yeah
You're like a wildfire
You got me rising high
You're innocence, who's the brave?
Drowning in, would you save me?
It's a crime if you don't, you'll despair
By the throat
You're innocence, who's the brave?
Drowning in, would you save me?
It's a crime if you don't, you'll despair
By the throat
Hey, yeah
You're like a wildfire
You got me rising high
You're innocence, who's the brave?
Drowning in, would you save me?
It's a crime if you don't, you'll despair
By the throat
You're innocence, who's the brave?
Drowning in, would you save me?
It's a crime if you don't, you'll despair
By the throat
[feat. Drake & Rock City]
[Intro:]
Yeah (Word!)
Yeah man (What?)
(Love me) It's Drizzy baby (Mayday!)
You know what it is, from T-Dot to the world
My man Repstar (Repstar!), T-Williams (Yeah!), Boi-1da
[Drake:]
Look,
I know you miss me, go on admit it girl
Cause everything he doing for you, I done did it girl
So call me up late, I know you with it girl
I get a rush from it, knowing you commited girl
Beach front properties, panoramic views
You could probably catch him in Atlanta with his crew
Plus his whole vibe like candles and a pool
Cause he's hot, but you notice how he handles it is cool
The name is Drake dawg, I came here solo
The smell is Dolce, the drawls is Polo
The DJs Future, the clothes is Ransom
The cut's from J-Mac, ya boy is handsome
Pay me now, nigga cash advance him
Y'all don't wanna see me throw no tantrum
We blowing up this year, it's called expansion
Now everybody get to dancing to this, ah
[Chorus:]
I'm trying to make sure that you feel right
Cause you already know what it be like
Well dressed for the evening
Party hard like we ain't leaving
Now let's have a toast to the good life (Uh, huh)
Go ahead and keep drinks coming all night
Shoutout to the DJ, now please let me down here tonight
The way this make you feel, say oohhh
Tonight, the way
This make you feel, say oohhh
Toast to the good life
[Rebstar:]
My lawyer J-Money, but it's not important
She seen the videos, but she don't know my story
Army greens sneaks, homie GI Jordan
On another time zone, we party 'till the morning
My man looking up to me, he 'bout to sneeze
And she treating me like I be New Year's Eve
Counting down the seconds untill she sees me (5, 4, 3, 2)
One time for the women that wound up with Megan Fox
Two times for the ladies that never use Photoshop
Them other girls, they so vanilla
You gotta suit of Je ne sais quoi
They need to get their French up to part
And, uh, pardon me for asking
Anything I want, I must have it
I make it happen, poof, magic
[Chorus:]
I'm trying to make sure that you feel right
Cause you already know what it be like
Well dressed for the evening
Party hard like we ain't leaving
Now let's have a toast to the good life
Go ahead and keep drinks coming all night
Shoutout to the DJ, now please let me down here tonight
The way this make you feel, say oohhh
Tonight, the way
This make you feel, say oohhh (Rock City!)
Toast to the good life...
[Rock City:]
To bring life, the infatuation
I'm only a figment of your imagination
When I talk, it's no exaggeration
You won't find another dude quite like me
(Uh, uh) Me and my everything crew
Everything's big, everything's new
Drinks on me, so what you wanna do?
Chill right here and head bop to the groove
Yeah, mine is VI for life
So if you want, we can fly to the VI tonight
Saint Thomas and Saint Royce, Saint John is nice
So girl, just let me know which one you like
(Uh) My plan's not to live it up this year
That's why I shine from my neck to my wristwear
We off, up in the party like we live here
Lights on, everybody's gone, but we still here, yeah
[Chorus:]
I'm trying to make sure that you feel right
Cause you already know what it be like
Well dressed for the evening
Party hard like we ain't leaving
Now let's have a toast to the good life
Go ahead and keep drinks coming all night
Shoutout to the DJ, now please let me down here tonight
The way this make you feel, say ohh
Tonight, the way
This make you feel, say oohhh
Toast to the good life
I ride for my niggas dawg, I ride for my niggas
I slide for my niggas dawg, I ride for my niggas
Stay schemin'
Niggas tryna get at me (dawg) I ride for my niggas
Stay schemin'
Niggas tryna get at me (dawg) I ride for my niggas
Damn, life so short, fuck it, I don't wanna go to court (Huh)
Fuck it, got a budget for the lawyer though
Fuck it, I'm on the run for the money (Woo)
I'm in the bucket, paid 200 for it
My lil' niggas thuggin', even got me paranoid (Huh)
I'm gettin' money, that's the needy nigga category
Double M I got G's out in California (Huh)
I ride for my niggas dawg, I ride for my niggas
I slide for my niggas dawg, I ride for my niggas
Stay schemin'
Niggas tryna get at me (dawg) I ride for my niggas
It bothers me when the Gods get to acting like the broads
Guess every team doesn't come complete with niggas like ours
That's why I see no need to compete with niggas like y'all
I just ask that when you see me you speak up niggas that's all
Don't be ducking like you never wanted nothing
It's feeling like rap change, there was a time it was rugged
Back when if a nigga reached it was for the weapon
Nowadays niggas reach, just to sell they record
Spaguetti bolognese in apollo lounge
Me and my G from DC, that's how I roll around
Might look light, but we heavy though
You think drake would pull some shit like that you never know
Million dollar meetings in apollo lounge
Me and my man Oliver North, that's how I roll around
Shorty wanted to tell me secrets about a rap nigga
I told that bitch it's more attractive when you hold it down
Kobe about to lose a hundred fifty M's
Kobe my nigga I hated it had to be him
Bitch you wasn't with me shooting in the gym
(Huh!? bitch you weren't with me shooting in the gym)
Tell lucien, and I say fuck it
I'm tearing holes my budget
Bag it like we in Publix
And take her ass out in public
Order her a filet told her butterflies, she'll love it
She's used to soda and nuggets, she's really just out here thuggin'
I'm just here in my pinnacle, you and pussy identical
You like the fucking finish line, we can't wait to run into you
But let me get my mind off that young rich motherfucker
Getting mine off rap, with my niggas! (Huh)
I ride for my niggas dawg, I ride for my niggas
I slide for my niggas dawg, I ride for my niggas
Stay schemin'
Niggas tryna get at me (dawg) I ride for my niggas
For new the coupe to the Ghost dawg
Pigeons on the roof like ghost dawg
Dwight Howard on the post dawg
My niggas got the powder through the post dawg
Watch the body tilt when you hit the head
Niggas lost mills tryna beat the feds
Ten grams off my last two fifty now
Big ass crib, two fifty down, damn
Gave my nigga Max seventy five
Then gave my nigga penthouse in another thirty
Fuck got me thinking like I'm seventy five
Damn, nigga ain't even seen thirty
I ride for my niggas dawg, I ride for my niggas
I slide for my niggas dawg, I ride for my niggas
Stay schemin'
Niggas tryna get at me (dawg) I ride for my niggas
Hello, yeah I just walked in, yeah I'm good you still working?
Tonight, right now? 'Did I go out' yeah I went out, I went, I went to a couple of clubs
I never went to bed, shit' wine or water
You should see someone about a cold drink, I don't know, I'm delirious' night'
Cups of the Rose
Bitches in my old phone
I should call one and go home
I've been in this club too long
The woman that I would try
Is happy wit a good guy
But I've been drinking so much
That I'ma call her anyway and say
Fuck that nigga that you love so bad
I know you still think about the times we had
I say fuck that nigga that you think you found
And since you picked up I know he's not around
(Are you drunk right now?)
I'm just sayin', you could do better
Tell me have you heard that lately?
I'm just sayin' you could do better
And I'll start hatin', only if you make me
Uh, cups of the XO
All my people been here
I see all of her friends here
Guess she don't have the time to kick it no more
Flights in the morning
What you doing that's so important?
I've been drinking so much
That I'ma call you anyway and say
Fuck that nigga that you love so bad
I know you still think about the times we had
I say fuck that nigga that you think you found
And since you picked up I know he's not around oh
(Are you drunk right now?)
I'm just sayin', you could do better
Tell me have you heard that lately
I'm just sayin' you could do better
And I'll start hatin', only if you make me
I think I'm addicted to naked pictures
And sittin' talkin' 'bout bitches
That we almost had
I don't think I'm conscious of making monsters
Outta the women that I sponsor til it all goes bad
But shit it's all good
We threw a party, yeah we threw a party
Bitches came over, yeah, we threw a party
I was just calling cause they were just leaving
Talk to me please, don't have much to believe in
I need you right now, are you down to listen to me?
Too many drinks have been given to me
I got some women that's living off me
Paid for their flights and hotels I'm ashamed
Bet that you know them, I won't say no names
After a while girl they all seem the same
I've had sex four times this week I'll explain
Having a hard time adjusting to fame
Sprite in that mixture, I've been talking crazy girl
I'm lucky that you picked up
Lucky that you stayed on
I need someone to put this weight on
"Well I'm sorry"
"Are you drunk right now?"
I'm just sayin', you could do better
Tell me have you heard that lately
I'm just sayin' you could do better
And I'll start hatin', only if you make me
"You're not going to come?"
"Guess I'm bout to just kick it here then"
Just throw up while I hold your hair back
Her white friend said "you niggas crazy"
I hope no-one heard that
I hope no-one heard that
Cause if they did, we gon be in some trouble
Take you back,
Take you back,
That was such a lie.
Every time you said you loved me, you can't look me in my eyes,
And I beg you for the truth, so much goin' thru my mind,
And my father did just pass, to make my problems multiply,
And I know nobody's perfect, but you finally crossed the line,
And I gave you everything, but you was never satisfied,
And you said I was the one, just like you told another five,
Feel like it's a competition against all these other guys.
Texted me the other night, it's been too long,
Always tryna figure out if Ima move on.
Staring at the ceiling almost all night long,
Probably why I had the time to write this song.
Texted me the other night, it's been too long,
Always tryna figure out if Ima move on.
Staring at the ceiling almost all night long,
Probably why I had the time to write this song.
Every time I see you, feels like time is moving slow,
It's unfortunate for me, I have some trouble letting go,
Even though it's in the past, I just felt like you should know.
And you hate me when I get high, but you're the reason that I smoke.
Girl quit playin',
Girl quit playin',
You ain't love me from the start,
You're the reason that I feel this way,
You broke my fuckin' heart,
And I gave you all my trust, but you just tore it all apart,
Now you're all I think about while I'm layin' in the dark.
Texted me the other night, it's been too long,
Always tryna figure out if Ima move on.
Staring at the ceiling almost all night long,
Probably why I had the time to write this song.
Texted me the other night, it's been too long,
Always tryna figure out if Ima move on.
Staring at the ceiling almost all night long,
Probably why I had the time to write this song.
Been a couple months and you're beggin' for me back,
And I love all the attention, I'm not sure how I should act,
And you're saying that you miss me, I refuse to say it back,
Even though I still do want you, I don't have the time for that,
'Cause these women stay the same, while this nigga's chasin' cash,
And your problems are so small, girl just trust me they ain't bad,
'Cause you cryin' bout a nigga while I'm cryin' bout my dad,
And its eating me alive, should've taken me instead.
Texted me the other night, it's been too long,
Always tryna figure out if Ima move on.
Staring at the ceiling almost all night long,
Probably why I had the time to write this song.
Texted me the other night, it's been too long,
Always tryna figure out if Ima move on.
Staring at the ceiling almost all night long,
Probably why I had the time to write this song.
[Verse 1: drake]
I have to watch the road
I swear that every car that passes has you in it
I can't believe we're finished
My life is movin' fast
The time will often pass
And something will remind me
I can't put this behind me
I thought you would've called by now, by now
You could've had my all by now, by now
It's been too many years for you to disappear
And have me asking the question
[Hook]
I wonder whatever became of you
Although, it's not that I'm surprised, it's not I didn't try
It's not that I was frightened, of you
Although, I said all goodbyes
And, you had all your cries
I wonder whatever became of you
I wonder whatever became of you
I wonder whatever became of you
[Verse 2: dawn richard]
I swear I heard you call
But when I heard you'd gone
I hate that I looked desperate
You gone is like me naked
I'm steering not to crash
Trying to make it last
Keep looking close behind me
My eyesight on a memory
I thought you would've called by now, by now
You could have all my love right now, by now
Gave into my fears
While you just disappeared
That's why I'm asking this question...
[Hook]
I wonder whatever became of you
Although, it's not that I'm surprised, it's not I didn't try
It's not that I was frightened, of you
Although, I said all goodbyes
And, you had all your cries
I wonder whatever became of you
I wonder whatever became of you
I wonder whatever became of you
[Verse 3: drake]
I can't go to bed
Thinking about my goals
And how we used to say a goal is just a dream with a deadline
Where did the other half of my heart go?
Why am I in bed alone?
How come when I drive by, it looks like you are never home?
Do you even live there?
Or did you take a u-haul?
Too far, move off and not even tell me that you're gone?
We were on fire
Somehow that fire cooled off, burnt out
I kept straight, but I wonder how you turned out
[Hook]
I wonder whatever became of you
Although, it's not that I'm surprised, it's not I didn't try
It's not that I was frightened, of you
Although, I said all goodbyes
And, you had all your cries
I wonder whatever became of you
I wonder whatever became of you
I wonder whatever became of you
Welcome to the future,
Blue Print 3
Ay count me in
Find me a nice soft place to land
I'm so high
Find me a place to land,
Yeah right there,
I'm so tomorrow,
The Audemars are yesterday,
Which means your on time delay,
So even if I slow it down,
My sound is fast forward, hold up
I'm just a runway show
But I wear this on my plane in my runway clothes,
Cashmere sweats they come out next year
But these my last year sweats,
And my hoe so sick, your new chick can't fuck with my old bitch,
And you know this shit,
I'm professional, they novices,
I just may let you borrow this,
This the Blueprint nigga follow this,
This what what tomorrow is,
Welcome to tomorrow bitch,
Whatever you about to discover we off that
You about to tell her you love her we off that,
Always wanna fight in the club and we off that,
But you can't bring the future back,
Y'all steady chasing the fame we off that,
Over sized clothes and chains we off that,
Nigga still making it rain and we off that,
Cos you can't bring the future back,
Tell niggas top get off me,
Cris we off that,
Timbs we off that,
Rims we off that,
Yeah we off that is you still on that,
If you still making money cos we still on that
This ain't black versus white my nigga we off that,
Please tell Bill O Reilly to fall back,
Tell Rush Limbaugh to get off my balls,
Its 2010 not 1864,
Ah yeah we come so far,
So I drive around town hard top and its off
Ah and my Tribeca loft with my high brow art
And my high yellow broad
Ah and my dark skin sis and my best white mate
Say whats up to to Chris,
Ah, hows that for a mix,
Got a black president,
Got green presidents,
Blueprints in my white Ipod,
Black diamonds in my Jesus piece, my God,
Ah we ain't tripping off that,
Its a Benetton ad, nigga been up off that
Whatever you about to discover we off that
You about to tell her you love her we off that,
Always wanna fight in the club and we off that,
But you can't bring the future back,
Y'all steady chasing the fame we off that,
Over sized clothes and chains we off that,
Nigga still making it rain and we off that,
Cos you can't bring the future back,
Tell niggas top get off me,
Cris we off that,
Timbs we off that,
Rims we off that,
Yeah we off that is you still on that,
If you still making money cos we still on that
I don't give a fidduuck, abiddout the widday,
You used to move, what you used to do,
And I don't give a fidduuck abiddout the bitches
That you used to screw
What your future do,
And we don't really care what you used to say,
Unless that affects your future pay,
I'm on the practice field running two a day,
So I don't drop the ball when its threw my way,
So I don't a fidduck abiddout the shit that
You probably did,
Who you probably is,
The only time I deal in past tense
Is I'm past rims,
And I'm past tints,
If you driving it I drove it,
You got it cos I sold it,
You copped it and I bought it back,
And we don't give a fidduck nigga we off that.
Whatever you about to discover we off that
You about to tell her you love her we off that,
Always wanna fight in the club and we off that,
But you can't bring the future back,
Y'all steady chasing the fame we off that,
Over sized clothes and chains we off that,
Nigga still making it rain and we off that,
Cos you can't bring the future back,
Tell niggas top get off me,
Cris we off that,
Timbs we off that,
Rims we off that,
Yeah we off that is you still on that,
If you still making money cos we still on that
I had an idea in my head
I pictured this going differently
I meant every word that I said
You should have spent more time listening
All the things that I put a hold on
All for you to hit me with a "hold on"
What makes you so ready right now
After I waited on you for so long
Why you wanna be my love, is it just for show?
Why you wanna be my love, my love, my love, love
Why you wanna be my love, is it just for show?
Why you wanna be my love, my love, my love, love
Why you want
Why you want
Why you want
Why you want (Love)
Why you want
Why you want
Why you want
Why you want (Love)
Why you want
Why you want
Why you want
Why you want (Love)
Why you want
Why you want
Why you want
Why you want (Love)
All the things that I put a hold on
All for you to hit me with a "hold on"
All the things that I put a hold on
All for you to hit me with a "hold on"
All the things that I put a hold on
All for you to hit me with a "hold on"
What makes you so ready right now
After I waited on you for so long
Why you want
Why you want
Why you want
Why you want (Love)
Why you want
Why you want
Why you want
Why you want (Love)
Why you want
Why you want
Why you want
Why you want (Love)
Why you want
Why you want
Why you want
Why you want (Love)
You got your trophies
I know how you like to show 'em off and shine 'em, and line 'em up
I'm not your trophy, baby
I won't let you show me off or shine me, or line me up, no
You got your trophies
I know how you like to show 'em off and shine 'em, and line 'em up
I'm not your trophy, baby
I won't let you show me off or shine me up, or line me up, no
Why you want
Why you want
Why you want
Why you want (Love)
Why you want
Why you want
Why you want
Why you want (Love)
Why you want
Why you want
Why you want
Why you want (Love)
What makes you so ready right now
After I waited on you for so long
Why you want
Why you want
Why you want
Why you want (Love)
Why you want
Why you want
Why you want
Why you want (Love)
Why you want
Why you want
Why you want
Why you want (Love)
Why you want
Why you want
Why you want
Why you want
Yeah, never thoughts of suicide, I'm too alive
But I still treat it likes it's do or die
Even though dying isn't in the plans,
But neither was making it and here I am
In the presidential do you like your new room?
Always presidential and tonight's no blue moon
Since I saw Aliyah's precious life go too soon,
She deserve the credit for how I'm about to get it
That's why I got a new dumb thing moving through the street
Got a new condo, move it to the beach
Heard Nicki just bought a brand new crib
Goddamn man she's beauty and the beast (Lord)
Seems like yesterday that I was up and coming
Still so young that I ain't had enough of nothing
The fam here, the drink here, the girls here?
Well fuck let's get it then
I'm trying to let go of the past
Should we make this one a double?
You ain't even gotta ask, ah
Because it's hard to say no, say no
Yeah it's hard to say no
Are you down, are you down? Yea you all the way down, every time
(Every time, every time, every time)
Am I down, am I down? Yea I'm all the way down, we'll be fine
(We'll be fine, we'll be fine, we'll be fine)
Are you down, are you down? Yea you all the way down, every time
(Every time, every time, every time)
Am I down, am I down? Yea I'm all the way down, we'll be fine
(We'll be fine, we'll be fine, we'll be fine)
Used to make us proud we had dreams of getting bigger man
Loved you until now, but now I'm the nigga man
You keep talking that "You was this and you had this
And you deserve some fucking credit how did anyone forget it."
Got a show up in your city, yo girl is in the line
And the line around the corner it's my motherfucking time
You should take it as a sign, man I got it right now.
I wouldn't doubt it cause these bitches all about it right now
Let's be real about this shit, can I take you home?
Or come to where you stay? Do you live on your own?
I heard you got your ways, I never would have known
She said "you're such a dog" I said "you're such a bone."
I've been everywhere, where you know me from?
These days women give it to me like they owe me one
But they crave attention though they always saying "Show me something."
But girl you ain't the only one that's trying to be the only one
At least I admit that, if you get that, and you with that
Then fuck let's get it then
I'm trying to let go of the past
Should we make this one a double?
You ain't even gotta ask, ah
Because it's hard to say no, say no
Yeah it's hard to say no
Are you down, are you down? Yea you all the way down, every time
(Every time, every time, every time)
Am I down, am I down? Yea I'm all the way down, we'll be fine
(We'll be fine, we'll be fine, we'll be fine)
Are you down, are you down? Yea you all the way down, every time
(Every time, every time, every time)
Am I down, am I down? Yea I'm all the way down, we'll be fine
(We'll be fine, we'll be fine, we'll be fine)
Yeah, Drizzy. Yo turn nigga!
Take care of the business nigga (shine on these niggas)
Give these niggas the business nigga!
Kill spray anything in the way nigga, fuck em! We don't love em!
Yeah, it's just that uptown gangsta shit
Toronto, stand up for one of the realest niggas, Drizzy, with the realest flow
Toast to this gangsta shit. OVO-YMCMB
You understand me?
Playing with these motherfucking millions like they ain't nothing
Rubber band stacks. That YMCMB shit nigga, flashy lifestyle, one hundred
Drake]
Check, Check, Check. 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2.
Diamonds Hang Around My Neck; The Crib Is All Finished.
No Love For These Bitches I Said This Year Is All Business.
It Is A Shame That A Couple Of Them Are Off Limits. No Offense To My Nigga.
Its Just The Industry Small, We All Lust For The Same Women.
You Know The Ones We Saw Before We Came In It.
I Know He Aint Trippin.
I Know I Got A Couple Things That Lil Wayne Dipped In.
Aint Afraid To Admit It: I Be The Same With It.
This Shit Is All About Hits And Misses.
The Ones That You Fuck And The Ones You Wife Up.
Just Dont Let Them Fuck Your Life Up.
Half A Mil To Perform, I Cant Let Em Fuck That Shit Up.
Plus I Love The Way My Middle Name Looks When Its Lit Up.
Jim Moore Got Me Dressing Like A Leading Man.
A Little Favour For A Friend When I Need A Hand.
Young Frank, Suits Cut Right Always.
Just Got A Couple Warhols For My Hallways.
New Verses Crush The Hood Like Im Driving Into Somethin.
Bitches On The Kid Like Im Iverson Or Somethin.
Like A Sixer Since I Sold Six Eighty In My First.
Drizzy Drake, The Only One That Got The Gift Without The Curse.
[Verse 1: Drake]
Listen girl, you so bad and you single
What's this I hear, we aint met yet
My name Drake and I'ma take the world over, this my year.
This I swear, had my share of women that I been with
I'm young, can you blame me.
I know you feel like a lot of things off limits
At least let me describe what it can be.
Be faithful, I do that, not really baby girl,
I'll do that!
Cause everybody break up when the cake up
We can be the couple that'll never go through that.
Yeah, and if we're ever falling off
I swear I'll remind you that we're not who they are
Now all I really gotta do is find you!!
Where you at?
[Chris Brown - Chorus]
[Chorus]
From the east to the west,
scream for me if your my number one lady
Take a lead from the race,
you can go fast speed it up for me baby
I'ma a G, what's next?
One night with me would drive you crazy (crazy)
One night with me would drive you crazy.
Starters are you ready, take your marks and get steady.
You know that its about to get heavy,
'Cause shes a rider (a rider)
My Yama-ha mama x4
Aye aye
[Verse 2: Drake]
Tell me how I locate you,
I know satellites are a breakthrough.
But they don't really lead me straight to
And I gotta arrive ?fore somebody take you.
Know there's someone you don't mean a lot to
And you would hate to know that I got you
I even got a speech in my head that write
and recite at the moment I spot you
Hey there, your name is?
I like that, it suits ya
I'm young but I'm different
I'm not what your used to at all
If we stop at the same red light
I'ma celebrate the fact that I found you girl
And I'ma ride for ya too as soon as it turn green
Wanna hear from all my ladies from around the world
Where you at?
[Chorus]
From the east to the west,
scream for me if your my number one lady
Take a lead from the race,
you can go fast speed it up for me baby
I'ma a G, what's next?
One night with me would drive you crazy (crazy)
One night with me would drive you crazy.
Starters are you ready, take your marks and get steady.
You know that its about to get heavy,
'Cause shes a rider (a rider)
My Yama-ha mama x4
Aye aye
Yeah, they try to send for me...!
Envy and jealousy is everything I wish upon my enemies
All that for them, right back at them
What my mind keeps telling me
Mind keeps telling me
I hear everything, I don't answer cause it's all there cause it better be
Trust me it better be, no long talking or settling
Just when I've never won no wrestling
But he's on a big belt medal ting
Streets unruly
More life for my brother's trying out better things, cause
All my man dem are running to the money
We be running like ay, ay, ay, ay
And all my man dem are running from them hoes in the roads like whoa whoa whoa, whoa
Like whoa, a month ago you didn't wanna know, but now I'm seeing dough
These catties they be calling up my phone
All these man dem and they applaud me on the road
I put corn in for my bro
Man dem keep on talking on a low
Man dem keep talkin on a low, but all my man are bros
All my man, all my man are bros
My man dem will have your man dem on the ropes
I'll have man dem on your roads
Man dem in a batch on they own
With a bat or with a pole
I got man dem that will slap a man with both
Nike jacket on my back I'm looking cold
It's funny how these catties wanna know, but
All my man dem are running to the money
We be running like ay, ay, ay, ay
And all my man dem are running from them hoes in the roads like whoa whoa whoa, whoa
Like whoa, a month ago you didn't wanna know, but now I'm seeing dough
These catties they be calling up my phone
All these man dem and they applaud me on the road
Free Smoke
Anybody want it they can get it, no joke
Call up landlord, nigga that's broke
I only link with the real ones, lord knows
On fo', I love to see a fake nigga go broke
I don't run to twitter with the things I know
I fall back to see how it unfolds
Yeah, like whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
Like whoa, years ago they didn't wanna know
But now I'm seeing dough
Catties they be calling up my phone
Trying to get tickets to a show
Yeah, I got U.K. tings on the WhatsApp now
Like +44 on the road
Like whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
Like whoa
A month ago you didn't wanna know, but now I'm seeing dough
These catties they be calling up my phone
All these man dem they applaud me on the road
I put corn in for my bro
Man dem keep on talking on a low
Man dem keep talkin on a low, low, low
Yeah, yeah
Yeah,yeah
Jeez
Yeah
Right
Look
Look
Tell me how you really feel
Tell me how you really feel
I would you what's the deal
But you don't even got a deal
Most niggas with a deal
Couldn't make a greatest hits
Y'all a whole lot of things
But you still ain't this
I don't know no one
That could tell me what to do
Heard you never claimed the hood
Hear the hood claimed you
That can't sit well
Oh well, ship sailed
Still mine, all mine
Cosign, cosign
I pull up in yachts so big
That they try to hit me with boat fines
Hype Williams, Big Pimpin'
Yeah, Just like the old times
Same niggas from the old days
Lot of sides on the same side
OVO we a gold mine
But I'm going gold no time
Doing plat, plat only
Boys better back off me
Hall of fame, hall of fame
Like I'm shirt off, Like I'm shirt off
Like I'm shirt off shorty
Whole city going crazy
Whole city going crazy
Top 5 no debating
Top 5, top 5, top 5
And the whole city rate me
And I'm back inside the matrix
And I said that we would make it
Ain't squad with some traitors
Knew my niggas from the basement
This ain't no metal-on-the-way shit
We done really put some days in
I'm like "Why you so excited?" you know what I'm sayin'
What happened?
Did he win the grammy? God damn
He acting like he fucking won a trophy
This nigga turnt the fuck up
They gon' think I won a Grammy
They gon' think I won a Grammy
Swerving off, Panoramic
I'm hanging out, they can't stand me
They gon' think I won a Grammy
They gon' think I won a Grammy
They gon' think I won a Grammy
They gon' think I won a Grammy
I'm showing out, they can't stand me
I'm showing out, they can't stand me
I'm swerving out, they can't stand me
I'm err, can't stand me
They gon' think I won a Grammy
They gon' think I won a Grammy
They gon' think I won a Grammy
They gon' think I won a Grammy
Gonna peel off like a bandit
I'm noddin' off on a Xan niggas
Get pissed off, start airing it
Get a head start, I ain't friendly
I stand out, I don't blend in
When I say that I meant that
I don't want to talk to you has beens
I don't features from nan them
I don't want features or nothing
You can't even get on my guest list
They wan't me to go to the Met Gala
I want a Percocet and a gallon
The Activis high takin' don't matter
We sitting right on the court side
I know the players on both sides
I'm cashing out, fuck a cosign
I wear the chain like a bow tie
I wear the ring like a fo'-five
Keep a fo'-five for the poor guys
Black tint, low profile
Celebrating everyday
'Cause I'm really really fresh at the coke house
Counting up every single day
'Bout to bring a whole 'nother whip out
They gon' think I won a Grammy
They gon' think I won a Grammy
Swerving off, Panoramic
I'm hanging out, they can't stand me
They gon' think I won a Grammy
They gon' think I won a Grammy
They gon' think I won a Grammy
They gon' think I won a Grammy
I'm showing out, they can't stand me
I'm showing out, they can't stand me
I'm swerving out, they can't stand me
I'm err, can't stand me
They gon' think I won a Grammy
They gon' think I won a Grammy
They gon' think I won a Grammy
They gon' think I won a Grammy
Yeah
More
Yeah
More time with family and friends, more life
More time to get it right
It's only me but I'm seeing four shadows in the light
My demons visit me every night
To the most high I'm forever indebted
I know I gotta pay something, I know that day's coming
I put it all in the music
Because if I don't say it here then I won't say nothing
Could feel my hand getting tired from holding the grudges
Two birds, one stone, my aim is amazing
I need to start losing my shit
Just to show you niggas who hatin'
Too reserved like I called ahead for me and my lady
Free C5, how the fuck we got the boss waiting
Ever since the blue basement I found God and I lost patience
Between rocks and hard places of all places
Spotted everywhere like Dalmatian
Cops snoop around now 'cause all my dogs famous
Please welcome the October fall baby
Vaughan Road Academy, star player, my mind's not all there
Used to carry a lot of dead weight like a pallbearer
People too scared to tell the truth so it's all dares
Counted us all there and we all square
Quick money, I'm in and out
My dad used to use a soap bar 'til it's thinning out
But shit, look at Dennis now
All Stacy Adams and linnen'd out
More blessings for Sandy and him, more life
My parents never got it right, but
God bless 'em both, I think we all alike
We all wide awake late at night, thinking on what to change
If we do get to do it twice in a another life
Scared to go to sleep now
'Cause being awake is what all my dreams were like
Back when the bar I set for myself was out of sight
Tell me how I went and did chin ups
On this shit when I can't see it
Pin ups of Meagan Good and Pam Grier, soul sisters
Inspired my old scriptures
Now that feeling gone like them old pictures
Mixing liquors got us both twisted
Words get so vicious, you just stare at me
While you roll Swishers
Girl I love you, but I don't miss you
And no matter what year it is I'm an 06'er
Go figure, cold nigga, stay in school man
Fuck the rap game, it's all lies and it's all filthy
2 percent of us rich and the rest of these niggas all milk it
Got two of my niggas off with a not guilty
Gave back to the city and never said it
If I didn't live it but still they try to tell you I'm not the realest
Like I'm some privileged kid that never sat through a prison visit
Or like it was just handed to me tied with a ribbon
I never worked to get it
But really it's you with all the drug dealer stories
That's gotta stop though
You made a couple chops and now you think you Chapo
If you ask me though you ain't lining the trunk with kilos
You bagging weed watching Pacino with all your niggas
Like "this what we need to be on," but you never went live
You middle man in this shit, boy you was never them guys
I can tell 'cause I look most of you dead in your eyes
And you'll be trying to sell that story for the rest of your lives
Can't show us where the cash is
Me, I don't judge, I'm just going off what the math is
Numbers inflated
They all look at me like, "What have you done for me lately?"
I like your older shit but wasn't in love with the latest
Aw baby, stop debating, I'm just a creative
My numbers out of this world
No wonder they got me feeling so alienated
You were the man on the moon
Now you just go through your phases
Life of the angry and famous
Rap like I know I'm the greatest
Then give you tropical flavors
Still never been on hiatus
You stay xanned and perked up
So when reality set in you don't gotta face it
I'm down 200 in Vegas but winning life on a daily basis
It seems like nobody wants to stay in my good graces
I'm like a real estate agent, putting you all in your places
Look what happens soon as you talk to me crazy
Is you crazy?
Breaking news my niggas
If your girlfriend has went to any
Season opener basketball game
Best believe, she's fucking some niggas on that team
She's fucking somebody on the basketball team if she's at the game
Right, right, yep
I say bounce that shit like woah
Yeah, bounce that shit like woah
This is not a fairytale, I already know how you like it
Take you to the mall and get you a new outfit
Girl that's just some child's play
Bounce that shit like, woah, woah, woah
Woah, woah, heard all of the stories 'bout you
I already know and I like it
Take you to the mall and get you a new outfit
Girl that's just some child's play
Bounce that shit like, woah, yeah
Bounce that shit like, woah
Why you gotta fight with me at Cheesecake
You know I love to go there
Say I'm actin' lightskin, I can't take you nowhere
This a place for families that drive Camrys and go to Disney
They don't need to know all of our business
You wildin', you super childish, you go to CVS for Coke
Texting my Bugatti, I took the key and tried to hide it
So you can't drive it, and put on milage
Then you find it, awkward silence
Momma is a saint, yes she raised me real good
All because of her I don't do you like I should
Don't make me give you back to the hood
Don't make me give you back
I say bounce that shit like woah
Yeah, bounce that shit like woah
This is not a fairytale, I already know how you like it
Take you to the mall and get you a new outfit
Girl that's just some child's play
Bounce that shit like, woah, woah, woah
Woah, woah, heard all of the stories 'bout you
I already know and I like it
Take you to the mall and get you a new outfit
Girl that's just some child's play
Bounce that shit like, woah, yeah
Bounce that shit like, woah
Yeah, rode that dick like a soldier
She rode it like a soldier
She rode it like a, yeah, yeah
I got it, yeah
You don't wanna fall in love I know
I'm not someone you should trust I know
I give Chanel out like a hug I know
I knew a couple of your friends way before
How many girls have slept in this bed
Say a different number than the one that's in my head
Lying to protect you I be doing that a lot
My past checkered like the Louis you just got
Married in our twenties now, where the fun in that?
My city love me like a college running back
Pack a bag you gon' end up staying where I'm at
Took you from the hood, and I could never give you back
I just wanna let you know that someone love you back
All the Cadillac, like I'm Teddy Pendergrass
Whippin' on this shit I'm getting ready, where you at?
Riding
Rode that dick like a soldier
She rode it like a soldier
She rode it like a real marine soldier
She rode that dick like a soldier
She rode it like a soldier
She rode it like a real marine soldier
Thank you, thanks Drake, thanks baby
Motherfuckers drunk and tired
Tired, I'm tired boss
Oh, baby (Oh baby)
Days in the sun
And nights in the rain
Summer is over, simple and plain
I found me some fun that's good for the pain
I already told you, I don't feel the same
I don't feel the same
Anywhere I go
I can't help but show
I don't feel the same
Anywhere I go
I can't help but know
(I don't feel the same)
(Anywhere I go
I can't help but know)
Zone six
I got money that I saved then I'm back on road
Get my jewelry out the safe 'cause I'm back on road
I still do these hoes the same when I'm back on road
If you wasn't there for me when I was all alone
Then bitch don't expect no love when I'm back
I'm just an East Atlanta nigga with a body on this belt
I done had a million beefs but I ain't never call for help
I'll take a nigga bricks and I done took a nigga reup
Put that pistol on your partner made him piss all on himself
Got your bitch so pissy drunk
That she done threw up on herself
'Fore I send her back to you
She gon' have Guwop on her breath
I'm the last real nigga left
I'm on an island by myself
I'm my only competition so I'm battling with myself
Facing prison, drug addiction
It's like I'm battling with myself
I done shook up all my demons
Now I'm back to myself
You didn't keep it real nigga so just keep it to yourself
Waiting on Gucci Mane to call you
Nigga better not hold your breath
I got money that I saved then I'm back on road
Get my jewelry out the safe 'cause I'm back on road
I still do these hoes the same when I'm back on road
If you wasn't there for me when I was all alone
Then bitch don't expect no love when I'm back
These niggas faking like they happy but they mad I'm home
I'm the two K sixteen Al Capone
I slap a nigga with a strap and then I throw him a hunnid
He be like fuck going to trial, man just throw me the money
Can't eat, can't sleep, man I miss these skreets
Muhammad Ali and these skreets miss me
I went from trappin' on the block to niggas trappin' for me
I left the trappin' went to rap thought you'd be happy for me
And then your jealousy turned to hate
And you wrote a statement on me
But when they let me out them gates
My bitch was waiting on me
See I ain't mad at you homie, we ain't got no beef
But I ain't got no rat for you, I know you must love cheese
I got money that I saved then I'm back on road
Get my jewelry out the safe 'cause I'm back on road
I still do these hoes the same when I'm back on road
If you wasn't there for me when I was all alone
Then bitch don't expect no love when I'm back
Yeah, for the dogs dem, you know
Man when shit gets like this, in the whole city
Shit's crazy right now, this shit ain't gonna stop
You know shit gonna get a lot more worse before it get any better
Look
Momma hit my phone and said rap's no good
Better than her telling me the check's no good
Now they wanna act like I do no good
Funny 'cause I really did more than I should
I made a decision last night that I would die for it
Just to show the city what it takes to be alive for it
Can't get me on the line so they hang me out to dry for it
You know 40 wants peace, but I'm down to cut ties for it
And I can't sleep these days unless I take one
If they don't have a story these days, they'll make one
Life is always on, man, I never get a break from it
Doesn't matter where I go, I can never get away from it
They give me loyalty and I don't gotta pay for it
Same way, brands gotta break for it
Keeping people fed is my only peace of mind now
And I turn the six upside down, it's a nine now
I made a decision last night that I would die for it
(Dying, yeah, yeah, gangstas, gangstas, gangstas)
(Dying, yeah, yeah, gangstas, gangstas, gangstas)
(Dying, yeah, yeah, gangstas, gangstas, gangstas)
(Dying, yeah, yeah, gangstas, gangstas, gangstas)
All these hand outs, man it's getting outta hand
I'mma start telling niggas "Get it how you can"
I got it right now so I'm everybody's friend
If I ever lose I bet we never speak again
I made a decision last night I'd die for it
Just to show the city what it takes to be alive for it
First place, first place, man we can't be tied for it
I only drove it five times, paid 1.5 for it
Keychain go jang-a-lang, I wanna do major things
MJ in every way, I just don't fade away
Six upside down, it's a nine now
Like Mannie, like Stunna, man, shit is big time now
And I made a decision last night that I would die for it
(Dying, yeah, yeah, gangstas, gangstas, gangstas)
(Dying, yeah, yeah, gangstas, gangstas, gangstas)
(Dying, yeah, yeah, gangstas, gangstas, gangstas)
(Dying, yeah, yeah, gangstas, gangstas, gangstas)
(Make me feel the same way that I did to you
Trust me when I say I'll go without you
Trust me when I say that shit is old moves
God made himself a way from me to you
Tried to kill me but they still want the Views
Tried to kill me but they still want the Views
Tried to kill me but I am very much alive on the six side
Yeah, I said I am very much alive on the six side
I said I am)
Yeah, yeah
I've been down so long it look like up to me
They look up to me
I got fake people showin' fake love to me
Straight up to my face, straight up to my face
I've been down so long it look like up to me
They look up to me
I got fake people showin' fake love to me
Straight up to my face, straight up to my face
Somethin' ain't right when we talkin'
Somethin' ain't right when we talkin'
Look like you hidin' your problems
Really you never was solid
No you can't son me, you won't never get to run me
Just when shit look, outta reach, I reach back like one, three
Like one, three, yeah
That's when they smile in my face
Whole time they wanna take my place
Whole time they wanna take my place
Whole time they wanna take my place
Yeah, I know they wanna take my place
I can tell that love is fake
I don't trust a word you say
How you wanna click up after your mistakes?
Look you in the face and it's just not the same
I've been down so long it look like up to me
They look up to me
I got fake people showin' fake love to me
Straight up to my face, straight up to my face
I've been down so long it look like up to me
They look up to me
I got fake people showin' fake love to me
Straight up to my face, straight up to my face
Yeah, straight up to my face, tryna play it safe
Vibe switch like night and day, I can see it like right away
I came up, you changed up, I caught that whole play
Since then, things never been the same
That's when they smile in my face
Whole time they wanna take my place
Whole time they wanna take my place
Whole time they wanna take my place
Yeah, I know they wanna take my place
I can tell that love is fake
(I can tell that love is fake)
I don't trust a word you say
(I don't trust a word you say)
How you wanna click up after your mistakes?
(How you wanna click up after your mistakes?)
Look you in the face and it's just not the same
I've been down so long it look like up to me
They look up to me
I got fake people showin' fake love to me
Straight up to my face, straight up to my face
I've been down so long it look like up to me
They look up to me
I got fake people showin' fake love to me
Straight up to my face, straight up to my face
All of my let's just be friends
Are friends I don't have anymore
How do you not check on me when things go wrong
Guess I should have tried to keep my family closer, much closer
All of my let's just be friends
Are friends I don't have anymore
Guess it's what they say you need family for
'Cause I can't depend on you anymore
Always saw you for what you could have been
Ever since you met me like when Chrysler made that one car
That looked just like a Bentley I
Always saw you for what you could have been
And even when its business with you it's personal again
I knew you before you made ends meet
And now were meeting out end
And it's all because you chose a side
You're supposed to put your pride aside and ride for me
Guess it wasn't time
And of course you went and chose a side that wasn't mine
Your so predictable I hate people like you
Kennedy road taught me not to trust people like you
How you supposed to figure out what I'm goin' through
You can't even figure out what's going on with you
You judged me before you met me yeah it figures
I make all the players anthems for the real niggas
With my dad out in Tennessee is where I belong
Out here in LA I don't know whats going on
I don't know whats going on
And its all becase you chose a side
You're supposed to put your pride aside and ride for me
Guess it wasn't time, yeah
And of course you went and chose a side that wasn't mine
You sit and you pray hoping that the stars align
My luck is a sure thing cause I'm living right
When I needed you you couldn't give me any advice
You always had something to say every other time
Everybody that I met on the way tries to get in the way
I'm fooding and serving tomorrow like I'm working minimum wage
Someone up there must just love testing my patience
Someone up there must be in need of some entertainment
Forgiveness for your ways
If I ever loved you I'll always love you that's how I was raised
Same way I'm right here still feeling a way
Same way I'm realizing on a day to day that
All of my let's just be friends
Are friends I don't have anymore
How do you not check on me when things go wrong
Guess I should have tried to keep my family closer, much closer
All of my let's just be friends
Are friends I don't have anymore
Guess it's what they say you need family for
'Cause I can't depend on you anymore
Much closer
Gal your body good and you're special to me
Wanna make you my lady officially
From yuh tickets fi buy den mi willin' fuh pay
Fly yuh in from distance away
Right, my eye just changed
You just buzzed the front gate
I thank God you came
How many more days could I wait?
I made plans with you
And I won't let 'em fall through
I, I, I, I, I
I think I'd lie for you
I think I'd die for you
Jodeci "Cry For You"
Do things when you want me to
Like controlla, controlla
Yeah, like controlla, controlla
Yeah, okay, you like it
When I get, aggressive, tell you to
Go slower, go faster
Like controlla, controlla
Yeah, like controlla, controlla
And I'm never on a waste ting shawty
I do it how you say you want it
Them girls, they just wanna take my money
They don't want me to give you nothing
They don't want you to have nothing
They don't wanna see me find your lovin'
They don't wanna see me
Smiling back when they pree
Knowing I'd lie for you
Thinking I'd die for you
Jodeci "Cry For You"
Do things when you want me too
Like controlla, controlla
Yeah, like controlla, controlla
Baby I'm very happy, whine up your sexy body fi papi
Your eyes them looking at me
And you turn me on like a new Bugatti
The naughty tings me want you do
So mi would love it if you could come thru
If we smoke a spliff, have a drink me and you
Then we release the stress and ya feel renewed
Sexiness you a pro
Let me bend you over in your bra and your shoes
Baby, wanna make you say road
You're pretty in the clothes but mi love when you nude
Baby, it don't take you nothing to move me
Your bod' like action movie
She said we do it rough tonight not smoothly
Mi love how you unruly
I think I'd lie for you
Thinking I'd die for you
Jodeci "Cry For You"
Do things when you want me too
Like controlla, controlla
Yeah, like controlla, controlla
She love when we do it all night
And she make it clap when she ride my bike
She cock it up on the private flight
For me to lace her up like my brand new Nike
Me say mi want her all my life
Won't you sing mi note pon the cordless mic?
Want her all my life
All my life
Sexiness you a pro
Let me bend you over in your bra and your shoes
Baby, wanna make you say road
You're pretty in the clothes but mi love when you nude
Baby, it don't take you nothing to move me
Your bod' like action movie
She said we do it rough tonight not smoothly
Mi love how you unruly
I think I'd lie for you
I think I'd die for you
Jodeci "Cry For You"
Do things when you want me too
Like controlla, controlla
Yeah, like controlla, controlla
Check, 1-2,1-2, bitch
You expensive, you know that?
I'm high maintenance a little bit but not in a, not in a negative way
I just like extremely expensive things
Foot off in their ass is what Ken told me
Niggas like to play games 'cause they feel like they know me
You don't know me, nigga, I done changed
So don't be trying to put no shit off in the game
This ain't no motherfucking '91
We out here rapping for money you niggas rapping for fun
I don't fuck with nobody in this shit but Bun
You would think it's all mine the way I took it
You would think it broke down the way I push it
You hate it when I coat things all in sugar
You want to hear the real talk, well, girl, who wouldn't?
Working, working, working, working, ain't ya?
You don't have no time to lay up
You just trying to be somebody
'Fore you say you need somebody
Get all your affairs in order
I won't have affairs, I'm yours, girl
Faithful, faithful, faithful, faithful
You hit me like "I know you're there with someone else"
That pussy knows me better than I know myself
On my way from the studio so get undressed
Let's do the things that we say on text
I want to get straight to the climax
Have you cumming all summer like a season pass
I want to turn you out like pitch black
Want to watch you do work while I sit back
'Cause you talk like you got what I need
You talk like you got the juice and the squeeze
Working, working, working, working, ain't ya?
You don't have no time to lay up
You just trying to be somebody
'Fore you say you need somebody
Get all your affairs in order
I won't have affairs, I'm yours, girl
Faithful, faithful, faithful, faithful
What these bitches want from a nigga?
On some DMX shit
I grew weak from my exes
I told 'em they belong to me, that goes on for forever
And I think we just get closer when we're not together
You tell me that I'm confusin'
More immature than Marcus Houston
Cut's too deep for a band-aid solution
We too deep in this thing to never lose me
LOLOL I'm glad you find this shit amusin'
Heard a lot about me 'fore we started off
I know you heard that my pool parties like Mardi Gras
I know you heard that my girl is sponsored by Audemars
That's why she's always correctin' me when my time is off
And my house is the definition
Of alcohol and weed addiction
You got a different vision
You wanna walk around naked in the kitchen
Without runnin' into one of my niggas
That's not the way we livin'
Too much goin' on, it's just not realistic
These days I don't talk 'bout them days like I miss 'em
And you shouldn't miss 'em either, we different people
But every time we speakin'
It's like a lot of games bein' played
How's it goin' down?
If it's on 'til we gone then I gots to know now
Is you wit' me or what?
Yeah
It's like a lot of games are bein' played
How's it goin' down?
If it's on 'til we gone then I gots to know now
Is you wit' me or what?
Yeah
I wanna know how much time you spent on them paragraphs
Where you're getting me
All that grey in our conversation history, you
Playin' mind games, when you sayin' things
Playin' mind games, we both doin' the same thing
Slide on a late night
You like to slide on a late night
You send them, all you text without an invite
That's that shit that I don't like
We both slide on a late night
Do things in our off time
We both, yeah
Made some mistakes, pon road
Yeah, how's that for real?
You toyin' with it like Happy Meal
3 dots, you thinkin' of a reaction still
While you're typin' make sure to tell me
What type of games are bein' played?
How's it goin' down?
If it's on 'til we gone then I gots to know now
Is you wit' me or what?
Yeah
What type of games are bein' played?
How's it goin' down?
If it's on 'til we gone then I gots to know now
Is you wit' me or what?
Yeah
Remember you was livin' at the London for a month
Service elevator up to 4201
We was still a secret, couldn't come in through the front
Girl I had your back when all you used to do was front
That's for sure though, I made a career of reminiscin'
Time got a funny way of tickin', things are so much different
I'll admit it, I've admitted to a lot of things
Act like you know it, fuck them stories, fuck the shade that they be throwin'
Understand I got responsibilities to people that I need
And on my way to make this go
A lot of niggas cut the cheque so they can take this flow
A lot of niggas cut the cheque so they can take this flow
Tryna give your ass the world
You runnin' your fingers through my curls
You knew me when the kid had waves
But that's enough of that
You could never say I came up and forgot about your ass
And that's some real shit
Dedicate, I dedicate the world
Yeah, oh
I dedicate, I dedicate
I give you my fortune
I dedicate, I dedicate
I dedicate, I dedicate
I dedicate, dedicate, dedicate
I dedicate to you
I dedicate
Throwin' dirt on my old name
Only gets worse when you know things
You don't see the perks of this whole thing
But you get real on a pill and I like it
You just like my psychic, I just wanna buy
Fulfill all your desires
Keep you in the front, never in the back
And never on the side, yeah
You a real ass woman and I like it
I don't wanna fight it
Look, you know I'm a rider, nothin' left to hide
Your other nigga tired
Talk about you like you'll never leave his side
But I don't really buy it
Me I'm movin' quiet, all the things we're tryin'
Let's just keep it private
Tell me should I cut these other girls right out of my life?
'Cause we never decided
Tell me how you feel inside
You a real ass woman and I like it
Dedicate to you
I need you inspired, I need you excited
I don't wanna fight it
I figure out you, you figure out me
We both a different breed
I'm followin' your lead, I ask you what you need
You say it's guaranteed
I mean you say that like it's easy
You never believe me
Told you I got Zs for these other girls sleepin' on him
Girl I'm sleepy
Sometimes I'm so indecisive
But you a real ass woman and I like it
I don't wanna fight it
I give you my fortune
I dedicate, I dedicate, woah yeah
I dedicate, I dedicate
I dedicate, baby, dedicate
I dedicate to you
I dedicate, I dedicate
This song's for you
I dedicate, I dedicate
I give you my all
I give you my voice
This song's for you
Looking, looking, looking
Looking, looking, looking
Looking, looking
Looking
Looking
Looking for revenge
All summer sixteen
All summer sixteen
Playing dirty not clean
Out in front of Four Seasons
Looking like a damn football team
All in the same thing
All repping one thing
Looking for revenge
To do what you couldn't do
Tell Obama that my verses are just like the whips that he in
They bulletproof
Minus twenty we in Pitfield
At Kai's kitchen in a Canada Goose
Famous as fuck but I'm still in the cut when they round up the troops
I'm just a sicko a real sicko when you get to know me nigga
I let the diss record drop, you was staying right below me, nigga
We must have played it a hundred times, you was going to bed
Why would I put on a vest, I expect you to aim for the head?
I coulda killed you the first time
You don't have to try and say it louder nigga
Trust, we heard you the first time
It's nothing personal I would have done it to anyone
And I blame where I came from
And I blame all my day ones
You know Chubbs like Draymond
You better off not saying nothing
Them boys they a handful
Then I hit 'em with the Hotline
Chris Breezy with the dance moves
Mo-G with the dance moves
Ave Boy with the dance moves
Jimi Hendrix with the solo
Those the strings that you can't pull
Yeah, and I could really dish it out
Come and get it from the source
But fuck with all the word of mouth
Golden State running practice at my house
Nigga, what am I about?
You gon' really feel it now
I'm out here
Looking for revenge
All summer sixteen
All summer sixteen
Playing dirty not clean
Out in front of Four Seasons
Looking like a damn football team
All repping one thing
Looking for revenge
All you boys in the new Toronto want to be me a little
All your exes know I like my O's with a V in the middle
You would love it if I went away or didn't say nothing else
How am I keeping it real by keeping this shit to myself?
You was never gang, gang, gang, gang, you was never one of us
Had us fooled for a minute there, now we done all grown up
But I'm better off anyway, y'all never gon' finish Drake
Say you seeing 'bout it when you see me man y'all never home anyway
Thought of things that you shoulda said, said things that you shouldn't say
We even gave y'all the whole money play and y'all broke to this day
"Oh it's your time now" yeah, that's what everybody say
I used to wanna be on Roc-A-Fella then I turned into Jay
Now I got a house in LA, now I got a bigger pool than Ye
And look man, Ye's pool is nice, mine's just bigger's what I'm saying
I'm that nigga's what I'm saying
Getting things done around here
How you let me run it down here
I'm not even from around here
Six, six, six, six, six soon as I'm back in the city they throw a parade
I might get a key to the city and give it to Wayne
Or give it to one of the young boys to carry the wave
Yeah, so trust me, they'll be out here
Looking for revenge
All summer sixteen
All summer sixteen
Playing dirty not clean
Out in front of Four Seasons
Looking like a damn football team
All repping one thing
Looking for
They don't want us to have a bigger pool than Kanye
Yeah, yeah
Dropped outta school now we dumb rich, dumb rich
This sound like some forty-three-oh-one shit, one shit
All my niggas wanna do is pop style, pop style
Turn my birthday into a lifestyle, lifestyle
Tell my mom I love her if I do not make it
Got so many chains they call me Chaining Tatum, they do
And I like to finish what you think you started
Man you boys just got to Hollywood
You boys just started
You don't know what you just started
All I do is hang with the young and heartless
All this is for my family, man, I try my hardest
It's all I ever did and look where it got him
Yeah, you've been on my mind lately
You've still got my number, girl you need to call me
I feel like they wanna see me learn the hard way
But you know I always handle that one my way
Girl let me rock, rock, rock, rock, rock your body
Justin Timberlake and then I hit the highway
I can't trust no fuckin' body
They still out to get me cause they never got me
They still out to get me, they don't get it
I can not be gotten, that's a given
They like Pablo why are all the windows tinted in your Tahoe?
Why do you know every single bitch that I know?
Why can't you just shut your mouth and take the high road?
Fuck if I know, that's that Chicago, aye
South, south, side, that's the motto, aye
Cop a crib and spend ten million on remodel
Take the devils out my life and preach the gospel, cause I know
We went way, way past the line of scrimmage, aye
Throne is back up in it, aye
In the field like Emmitt, aye, y'all get so offended, aye
I be blacking out, I ain't backing out
Jay about his business, and I'mma let you finish but I
I just, I just, I just, I just wanna rock your body
Take you to the garage and do some karate
Chop it, chop it, chop it, chop it sipping sake
Throw a thick bitch on a Kawasaki
(Perfect)
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, look
I don't know how to talk to you
I don't know how to ask you if you're okay
My friends always feel the need to tell me things
Seems like they're just happier than us these days
Yeah, these days I don't know how to talk to you
I don't know how to be there when you need me
It feels like the only time you see me
Is when you turn your head to the side and look at me differently
Yeah, and last night I think I lost my patience
Last night I got high as the expectations
Last night, I came to a realization
And I hope you can take it
I hope you can take it
I'm too good to you
I'm way too good to you
You take my love for granted
I just don't understand it
No, I'm too good to you
I'm way too good to you
You take my love for granted
I just don't understand it
I don't know how to talk to you
I just know I found myself getting lost with you
Lately you just make me work too hard for you
Got me on flights overseas, and I still can't get across to you
And last night I think I lost my patience
Last night I got high as the expectations
Last night, I came to a realization
And I hope you can take it
I hope you can take it
I'm too good to you
I'm way too good to you
You take my love for granted
I just don't understand it
No, I'm too good to you
I'm way too good to you
You take my love for granted
I just don't understand it
Years go by too fast
I can't keep track
How long did we last?
I feel bad for asking
It can't end like this
We gotta take time with this
Cock up yuh bumper, sit down pon it
Let me see if this is something I can fix
You got somebody other than me
Don't play the victim when you're with me
Free time is costing me more than it seems
Sacrificing things
And I wanna tell you my intentions
I wanna do the things that I mention
I wanna benefit from the friendship
I wanna get the late night message from you, from you
I put my hands around you
Gotta get a handle on you
Gotta get a handle on the fact that
I'm too good to you
I'm way too good to you
You take my love for granted
I just don't understand it
No, I'm too good to you
I'm way too good to you
You take my love for granted
I just don't understand it
Gyal a you mi waan
Pay fi yuh visa meck yo fly out regular
Baby, cock up yuh bumper, sit down pon it
Gyal yo pum pum good and yuh fit
Mi wi give you everything weh deh in my wallet
And in my pocket
Cock up yuh bumper, sit down pon it
Gyal yo pum pum good and yuh fit
Mi wi give you everything weh deh in my wallet
And in my pocket
What these bitches want from a nigga?
On some DMX shit
I grew weak from my exes
I told 'em they belong to me, that goes on for forever
And I think we just get closer when we're not together
You tell me that I'm confusin'
More immature than Marcus Houston
Cut's too deep for a band-aid solution
We too deep in this thing to never lose me
LOLOL I'm glad you find this shit amusin'
Heard a lot about me 'fore we started off
I know you heard that my pool parties like Mardi Gras
I know you heard that my girl is sponsored by Audemars
That's why she's always correctin' me when my time is off
And my house is the definition
Of alcohol and weed addiction
You got a different vision
You wanna walk around naked in the kitchen
Without runnin' into one of my niggas
That's not the way we livin'
Too much goin' on, it's just not realistic
These days I don't talk 'bout them days like I miss 'em
And you shouldn't miss 'em either, we different people
But every time we speakin'
It's like a lot of games bein' played
How's it goin' down?
If it's on 'til we gone then I gots to know now
Is you wit' me or what?
Yeah
It's like a lot of games are bein' played
How's it goin' down?
If it's on 'til we gone then I gots to know now
Is you wit' me or what?
Yeah
I wanna know how much time you spent on them paragraphs
Where you're getting me
All that grey in our conversation history, you
Playin' mind games, when you sayin' things
Playin' mind games, we both doin' the same thing
Slide on a late night
You like to slide on a late night
You send them, all you text without an invite
That's that shit that I don't like
We both slide on a late night
Do things in our off time
We both, yeah
Made some mistakes, pon road
Yeah, how's that for real?
You toyin' with it like Happy Meal
3 dots, you thinkin' of a reaction still
While you're typin' make sure to tell me
What type of games are bein' played?
How's it goin' down?
If it's on 'til we gone then I gots to know now
Is you wit' me or what?
Yeah
What type of games are bein' played?
How's it goin' down?
If it's on 'til we gone then I gots to know now
Is you wit' me or what?
Yeah
Remember you was livin' at the London for a month
Service elevator up to 4201
We was still a secret, couldn't come in through the front
Girl I had your back when all you used to do was front
That's for sure though, I made a career of reminiscin'
Time got a funny way of tickin', things are so much different
I'll admit it, I've admitted to a lot of things
Act like you know it, fuck them stories, fuck the shade that they be throwin'
Understand I got responsibilities to people that I need
And on my way to make this go
A lot of niggas cut the cheque so they can take this flow
A lot of niggas cut the cheque so they can take this flow
Tryna give your ass the world
You runnin' your fingers through my curls
You knew me when the kid had waves
But that's enough of that
You could never say I came up and forgot about your ass
And that's some real shit
Baby I like your style
Grips on your legs
Front way, back way
You know that I don't play
Streets not safe
But I never run away
Even when I'm away
OT, OT is never much love when we go OT
I pray to make it back in one piece
I pray, I pray
That's why I need a one dance
Got the Hennessy in my hand
One more time 'fore I go
I have powers taking ahold on me
I need a one dance
Got the Hennessy in my hand
One more time 'fore I go
I have powers taking ahold on me
Baby I like your style
Strength and guidance
All that I'm wishing for my friends
Nobody makes it from my ends
I had to bust up the silence
You know you gotta stick by me
Soon as you see the text, reply me
I don't wanna spend time fighting
We've got no time
And that's why I need a one dance
Got the Hennessy in my hand
One more time 'fore I go
I have powers taking ahold on me
I need a one dance
Got the Hennessy in my hand
One more time 'fore I go
I have powers taking ahold on me
I need to know where do you wanna go
Cause if you're down, I'll take it slow
Make you lose control
Where, where, where
Cause if you're down
I need a one dance
Got the Hennessy in my hand
One more time 'fore I go
I have powers taking ahold on me
I need a one dance
Got the Hennessy in my hand
One more time 'fore I go
I have powers taking ahold on me
It's about us right now, girl, where you going?
It's about us right now, girl, where you going?
I'm with you
Yeah, I can't get enough of you, babe
Bottles open up so you can try and open up for me, baby
M.I.A. in the MIA
You do you, girl, the haters gon' hate
Cut them off like you a sensei, girl, oh
I know you feel what I feel
Breaking you off, it's so real
I can't fake that, babe
My love's locked down and you cuffing it
You're the only one I trust with it
You're the only one that stuck with it
It's about us right now, girl, where you going?
It's about us right now, girl, where you going?
I'm with you
It's about us right now, girl, where you going?
It's about us right now, girl, where you going? Yeah
I'm with you
Yeah, linking me down on my line
Busy as usual but we should make some time
Looking for things you can find
Just so you can have something to bring up when it's time
Mixing vodka and emotions, tapping in to your emotions
Dry cry 'cause I'm hopeless
Choosy your lover for the moment
Different story when I leave you
Story up just to keep you
I need you around, I need you, oh
[Verse 1]
I've been out walking
I don't do too much talking these days
These days
These days I seem to think a lot
About the things that I forgot to do
These days
[Verse 2]
I've met some women
I wish I had resisted these days
These days
These days I seem to think about how I have failed to change all of my ways
These days
[Verse 3]
Yeah, I had a lover
Don't think I'd risk another
These days
These days
And if I seem to be afraid
Just listen to the life I've made in songs
These days
[Verse 4]
I've stopped the dreaming
I don't do too much scheming these days
These days
I sit inside a chauffeur car
With windows down and count the stars these days
These days
All my niggas so hungry, man they just eat what they kill
I like convertible Bentleys and houses deep in the Hills
I might tell the whole crew come through
My squad gotta roll through come through
Tell the young high school kids keep dreamin'
Because they sure do come true
Then I say, this that fuckin' mob shit, this that fuckin' player shit
This that shake a bottle up and bust the top and spray the shit
Bitches gettin' dugout like where all the fuckin' players sit
And like you just got traded, girl
You don't know who you're playin' with
Oh yeah, oh yeah, my sound is what up right now
I've been down, but I'm up right now
Nigga been backstrokin' and breaststrokin'
Through that lane that you left open
Man I don't give a fuck right now
Let a nigga swim in the pussy on the low
'Bout to go drown in the cup right now, holla
I don't know what it was about you
Like blue you left me without a clue
(I pictured the fate, is it true?)
'Cause I try to make this shit work
(But it seems like is it your feelings
You kept them hatin' bitches all in our business)
But I just got one question baby, tell me why?
I Started from the bottom like Drake said, high
You the type of nigga gettin' robbed on a blind date, my squad'll
Kick in your door where that safe at
No Atari, games girl I don't play that
If she broke on that nutshell
Everything I say I follow (What you talkin' 'bout?)
Ummm, Polo shirt, my collar up
Drippin' on these hoes
Ain't by myself, it's a lot of us
Made a little money, still ain't got enough
And if you got a nigga dead, put your lighter up
Keep my eyes open, don't say nothin'
Motor geeked up like a raisin
You don't know me, you must mistake me
For somebody else
But it's somethin' about you that I fell in love with
Your ex nigga, fuck him
I had to tell her that
I don't know what it was about you
Like blue you left me without a clue
(I pictured the fate, is it true?)
'Cause I try to make this shit work
(But it seems like is it your feelings
You kept them hatin' bitches all in our business)
But I just got one question baby, tell me why?
If anybody know
I know
Yeah
Get a plastic bag
Go ahead and pick up all the cash
Go ahead and pick up all the cash
You danced all night, girl, you deserve it
Get a plastic bag
Go ahead and pick up all the cash
Go ahead and pick up all the cash
You danced all night, girl, you deserve it
Oh yeah, Magic city on a Monday
Esco treat that shit like church on Sunday
Niggas look at us like 'maybe one day'
Maybe one day, maybe one day
But for now a nigga got the ones with me
I be in the club with the bands
Like I got the keyboard and the drums with me
Maybe one day, maybe one day
You will understand how I get it though
Man, it's everything I ever said it is
Mixing liquor, 'course with the sedatives
I roll up with the bands on me
This a good night to dance on me
This a good night to dance on me
This a good night to dance on me, oh
Get a plastic bag
Go ahead and pick up all the cash
Go ahead and pick up all the cash
You danced all night, girl, you deserve it
Get a plastic bag
Go ahead and pick up all the cash
Go ahead and pick up all the cash
You danced all night, girl, you deserve it
Yeah, last time they seen this shit it was BMF
I know Big Meech and J-Bo, they was there
I know OG Indiana and Shuge were there
Oh yeah, oh yeah
Bust it out the wrapper, blow it in the air
Oh yeah, oh yeah
Throw enough money on a Monday than you make in a year
Oh yeah, order 60,000 ones
Told the owner 'bout to break a record
Hit the parking lot, it's looking like a video
Bunch of pretty hoes, house of Diddy hoes
Whole lot of Xans and we pass them around the table
Magic City on a Monday
We worship this like a Sunday
Oh yeah
Get a plastic bag
Go ahead and pick up all the cash
Go ahead and pick up all the cash
You danced all night, girl, you deserve it
Get a plastic bag
Go ahead and pick up all the cash
Go ahead and pick up all the cash
You danced all night, girl, you deserve it
Get a plastic bag
Go ahead and pick up all the cash
Go ahead and pick up all the cash
You danced all night, girl, you deserve it
Get a plastic bag
Go ahead and pick up all the cash
Go ahead and pick up all the cash
You danced all night, girl, you deserve it
Get a plastic bag
Go ahead and pick up all the cash
Go ahead and pick up all this cash
You danced all night, girl, you deserve it
Get a plastic bag
Go ahead get a plastic bag
Go ahead and pick up all this cash
You danced all night, girl, you deserve it
Doin' well dog
Yeah, me and all my
Yeah, me
Yeah
Me and all my niggas doin' well, doin' well dog
You not from the city, I could tell, I could tell dog
Did it, did it, did it by myself, by myself dog
Blew up and I'm in the city still, I'm still here dog
How did I finesse all of this shit from Jane and Weston?
Girls all in my bed and they don't trip off first impressions
Girls all in your bed and they just ask a hundred questions
I can't fuck with you no more 'cause you be actin' extra
Do your favorite rapper like my son, like my son tho
Nothing mutual about my funds, 'bout my funds tho
All you niggas fightin' over crumbs, where the bread at
How they feel about you, where you're from, where you're bed at
I don't need no pill to speak my mind, I don't need that
I make people pay me for my time, yeah I need that
And I see your girl like all the time, all the time tho
I can't tell you if she's yours or mine, but I do know
Me and all my niggas doin' well, doin' well dog
You not from the city, I could tell, I could tell dog
Did it, did it, did it by myself, by myself dog
Blew up and I'm in the city still, I'm still here dog
Oh, and I'm back dog
Oh, you just went and turned your back dog
I thought that we were family
You showed me that we can't be
I gotta talk to God even though he isn't near me
Based on what I got it's hard to think that he don't hear me
Hidden like that 30 on my jersey man I'm gifted
Whole lot of 6's but I'm still like
Hallelujah, Hallelujah, Hallelujah
6 point star, lion of the Judah
All my niggas ain't off rockin' Gucci
One do it then we all gotta do it
Got the key, and now the doors open and we all goin' through it
Whole city at your head for the boy
I ain't even gotta call no one for it
Me and all my niggas doin' well, doin' well dog
You not from the city, I could tell, I could tell dog
Did it, did it, did it by myself, by myself dog
Blew up and I'm in the city still, I'm still
Yeah, I get it
I get it
Yeah
Why would I say all these things to have you feelin' a way?
Why would I tell you I'm 30 away if I'm not on the way?
Why do I settle for women that force me to pick up the pieces?
Why do I want an independent woman to feel like she needs me?
I lost my way
I'm searchin' for these words to say to you
Please give me time
'Cause I'm searchin' for these words to say to you
Oh please give me time
'Cause I'm searchin' for these words to say to you right now
Redemption's on your mind when you think about me
Yeah
Redemption's on your mind when you think about me
Yeah
Run your mouth, I'd rather listen to someone else
I gave your nickname to someone else
I know you're seein' someone that loves you
And I don't want you to see no one else
I don't want you here with someone else
I don't wanna do this with no one else
I used to know you back when you was young
Your brother brought me through, you saw me
That made me think of you so differently
I miss the feeling of you missing me
But you say you're over and done with me
Ah yeah, yeah, yeah
Ah yeah, yeah, yeah
Now redemption's on your mind when you think about me
Ah yeah, yeah, yeah
Redemption's on your mind when you think about me
Ah yeah, yeah, yeah
Redemption's on your mind when you (Think about me)
Ah please give me time
'Cause I'm searchin' for these words to say to you right now
Say to you
But 80 percent of it was the truth, yeah
Say to you
The Mercedes coupe that you still drivin' was for me and you, girl
Really gon' spend the winter with this other nigga?
Act like he's really the one to get through it with you
Took up with Jessica, Kim, you know that I'm bound to see you
And they both say that you're over and done with me
Ah yeah, yeah, yeah
Ah yeah, yeah, yeah
They say redemption's on your mind when you think about me
Yeah, ah yeah, yeah, yeah
Redemption's on your mind when you think about me
Ah yeah, yeah, yeah
Redemption's on your mind when you
Ah please give me time
'Cause I'm searchin' for these words to say to you right now
Damn, I'm not unrealistic with none of my women
I tell 'em if they ain't with it then let's just forget it
Relationships slowin' me down, they slow down the vision
Guess I'm not in a position to deal with commitment
Certain people need to tell me they proud of me
That mean a lot to me
Not havin' closure, it take a lot out of me
This year for Christmas I just want apologies
Sydney gave up on me when I went missin'
Syd had a baby and treated me different
Erica sued me and opened a business
Wonder if they was here, shit could have been different
Wonder what they'd do put in my position
I wonder, when my shit drop, do they listen?
Wonder if they second guessin' their decisions
I hate the number 2, that shit is unforgiven
Tryna satisfy everybody
It's like they can't get enough
Until enough is enough
And then it's too much
You tip the scale when I weigh my options
West Palm girls are spoiled rotten
Tiffany on you, you know you poppin'
I'll kill somebody if they give you problems
Master bedroom's where we get it poppin'
Just ignore all the skeletons in my closet
I'm a walkin' come-up, I'm a bank deposit
Sell my secrets and get top dollar
Sell my secrets for a Range Rover
Opportunity and temptation
They would sell my secrets for a tropical vacation
Sell my secrets back to me if I was payin'
Who's gonna save me when I need savin'?
Since 'Take Care' I've been care-taking
But second chances, that ain't how you livin'
Redemption on your mind I'll never be forgiving
Yeah, I know
I should be downtown, whipping on the way to you
You got something that belongs to me
Your body language says it all
Despite the things you said to me
Who is it that's got you all gassed up?
Changing your opinion on me
I was only gone for the last few months
But you don't have the time to wait on me
I tried with you
There's more to life than sleeping in
And getting high with you
I had to let go of us to show myself what I could do
And that just didn't sit right with you
And now you're trying to make me feel a way, on purpose
Now you're throwing it back in my face, on purpose
Now you're talking down on my name, on purpose
And you don't feel no way, you think I deserve it
Feel a way, feel a way, young nigga feel a way
I've stopped listening to things you say
'Cause you don't mean it anyway, yeah
Feel a way, feel a way, young nigga feel a way
Maybe we should have just did things my way
Instead of the other way
I tried with you
There's more than life than sleeping in
And getting high with you
I had to let go of us to show myself what I could do
And that just didn't sit right with you
And now you're trying to make me feel a way, on purpose
Now you're throwing it back in my face, on purpose
Now you're talking down on my name, on purpose
And you don't feel no way, you think I deserve it
This is all God's doing man you can't plan it
But if the devil's in the details then I'm satanic
'Bout Take over your city and you can't stand it
My accountant say you sinking like the Titanic
David Blaine last summer man you had to vanish
I get the hits like somebody pitching underhanded
Got my Spanish ting convinced that I know Spanish
Really when she get to talking I don't understand it
You ain't on it right away, you had to wait on niggas
Man I'm only 29 have some patience with us
Plus I never met nobody from my label nigga
I just pop up with the music then they pay a nigga
Shit ain't been the same like before
I still love it but I used to love it more
Face Time with my shawty on tour
And she texting purple hearts 'cause she know that we at war
Niggas keep reaching and dissin'
Can't afford mistakes, not on this end
Make me call my bros for assistance
You gon' make me call my bros for assistance
Niggas keep reaching and dissin'
Put me in a fucked up position
You gon' make me call my bros, for assistance
Make me call my bro
Baby I'm a savage I ain't romantic
When I come around these rappers niggas start to panic
And they pockets going under like the Titanic
Got some head last night and it was outstanding
They was hatin' on me then and they hatin' now
She was playing with me then but she waitin' now
Used to sleep inside a den I got acres now
I was fighting niggas then but I'm spraying now
I don't pay no mind to no sneak diss
I won't spend a dime on a freak bitch
Niggas takin' cheap shots on some cheap shit
They the type to stand in line for some free shit
Babygirl gon' suck it 'til her jaws locked
She gon' make me put my bitch on call block
We the ones poppin', we the ones shoppin'
We the one droppin', niggas we the ones
They the ones duckin' when them heaters come
You that nigga snitchin' on your people huh
21 savage A.K.A. The Reaper huh
Pussy niggas gettin' shot for all that reachin' huh
Niggas keep reaching and dissin'
Can't afford mistakes, not on this end
Make me call my bros for assistance
You gon' make me call my bros for assistance
Niggas keep reaching and dissin'
Put me in a fucked up position
Make me call my bros, for assistance
Make me call my bro
I don't need love I'm the GOAT
I just hit the beat and float
And I'm selling out arenas, but you putting on a show
I been trynna change life around for everyone I know
'Cause if I don't share the wealth, then how the fuck we supposed to grow
Mom's stressed theres a lot of things we need
Chain smoking in the house it's hard to breathe
I used to have to hit my T's with Febreeze
Jordan pull up in the TL now I'm cheese
I'mma turn this TSX to a Benz soon
I'mma see a lot of blessings for my friends soon
150 inch screen in my bedroom
6'1" man a nigga need some leg room
Shit ain't been the same like before
They ain't even wanna look up at the score
Face Time with my shawty on tour
And she texting purple hearts 'cause she know we at war
Niggas keep reaching and dissin'
Can't afford mistakes, not on this end
Make me call my bros for assistance
You gon' make me call my bros for assistance
Niggas keep reaching and dissin'
Put me in a fucked up position
Make me call my bros, for assistance
Make me call my bro
Man don't live off of the hype huh
Real ting eh
Yeah
I pull up in Lexus' like it's '07
I just hit a lick
I got to hit a next one
Last year I know you learned your lesson
I could GPS you if you need some addressing
Boss up, I'm the bigger homie
But I'm one year older than my little homie
'09 they was biddin' on me
But I'm Young Money, got it written on me
Ok now we got some action
Everything I said, it happened
That boy light as Michael Jackson
But on verses he been blackin'
Chasing women a distraction
They want be on TV right next to me
You cannot be here right next to me
Don't you see Riri right next to me?
I hate a rapper especially
They feel the same but they hide it
They just discuss it in private
Don't get along man, we tried it
What's the point in even trying
I hate a goofy especially
They always dying to mention me
They gottao die out eventually
I could not give you the recipe
You know the game is so separately
Swear I just had an epiphany
It cost my 50 at Tiffany's
Shoutout to Tiffany's Stephanie
They used to always come check for me
My enemies want to be friends with my other enemies
I don't let it get to me
Done
Look what I done in my life
I had to count it then count it again
To make sure the money was right
They love to talk
Me, I'm just done in the hype
Me, I'm just done in the hype
Me I'm just done, done, done, done
I don't take this shit for granted
I do my own propaganda
I feel like Juelz Santana
Leg hangin' out the Phantom
6 cold like Alaska
VIEWS already a classic
Roy outta here like NASA
Bustin' 1's out the plastic
A gram, two poppin' to fuck
The chain too heavy to tuck it, I'm serious
I feed my family with this
So don't play with my money this summer I'm serious
I don't run out of material
You shouldn't speak on me, period
You tried to give 'em your side of the story
They heard it, but they wasn't hearing it
They feeling a way and won't hide it
Niggas done being silent
Don't get along man, we tried it
What's the point in even trying
I hate a goofy especially
They always dying to mention me
They got to go, they got to go
They gotta die out eventually
I cannot give 'em no empathy
I'mma have b's when I'm 70
They cannot fuck with the legacy
I don't know what else is left for me
After this, no one a threat to me
My enemies want to be friends with my other enemies
I don't let it get to me
[Intro: Kyla]
Baby I like your style
[Verse 1: Drake]
Grips on your waist
Front way, back way
You know that I don't play
Streets not safe
But I never run away
Even when I'm away
Oti, oti, there's never much love when we go OT
I pray to make it back in one piece
I pray, I pray
[Hook: Drake]
That's why I need a one dance
Got a Hennessy in my hand
One more time 'fore I go
Higher powers taking a hold on me
I need a one dance
Got a Hennessy in my hand
One more time 'fore I go
Higher powers taking a hold on me
[Bridge: Kyla]
Baby I like your style
[Verse 2: Drake]
Strength and guidance
All that I'm wishing for my friends
Nobody makes it from my ends
I had to bust up the silence
You know you gotta stick by me
Soon as you see the text, reply me
I don't wanna spend time fighting
We've got no time
[Hook: Drake]
And that's why I need a one dance
Got a Hennessy in my hand
One more time 'fore I go
Higher powers taking a hold on me
I need a one dance
Got a Hennessy in my hand
One more time 'fore I go
Higher powers taking a hold on me
[Break: Wizkid]
Got a pretty girl and she love me long time
Wine it, wine it, very long time
Oh yeah, very long time
Back up, back up, back up and wine it
Back up, back up and wine it, girl
Back up, back up, back up and wine it
Oh yeah, very long time
Back, up, back up and wine it, girl
[Bridge: Kyla + Wizkid]
Tell me
I need to know, where do you wanna go?
Cause if you're down, I'll take it slow
Make you lose control
Where, where, where
Where, where, where, where
Oh yeah, very long time
Where, where, where
Back, up, back up and wine it, girl
Where, where, where, where
Cause if you're down
Back up, back up and
Cause if you're down
Back up, back up and
Cause if you're down
Back up, back up and
[Hook: Drake]
I need a one dance
Got a Hennessy in my hand
One more time 'fore I go
Higher powers taking a hold on me
I need a one dance
Got a Hennessy in my hand
One more time 'fore I go
Higher powers taking a hold on me
Oh, baby (Oh baby)
Days in the sun
And nights in the rain
Summer is over, simple and plain
I found me some fun that's good for the pain
I already told you, I don't feel the same
I don't feel the same
Anywhere I go
I can't help but show
I don't feel the same
Anywhere I go
I can't help but know
(I don't feel the same)
(Anywhere I go
I can't help but know)
One of them ones
Right
Weston Road Flows, I did this shit for my nigga Renny
Back when we couldn't buy pizza 'cause we were down to pennies
Feel like we go back a century, runnin' to store for Century's
And bring 'em back to your brother man we had to respect it
He was wavy doin' mixtapes out of your basement
He let us hit the weed on occasion for entertainment
Then he would leave us at the house and go out on a mission
We probably would've got in less trouble just goin' with him
Feel like I never say much but man there's a lot to know
Feel like the difference between us really startin' to show
I'm lookin' at they first week numbers like "what are those"
I mean you boys not even coming close
I gave niggas like you a reason for celebration
You number one and I'm Eddie Murphy we tradin' places
Lookin' in the mirror I'm closer than I really appear
Creepin' like Chilli without the tender love and care
No tender love and care and no love and affection
I got a price on my head but there's a risk to collect it
I might be here as a vessel to teach people a lesson
Feel like they wanted me dead but couldn't pull it together
Yeah, but here we are and it's a new semester
40 the only one that know how I deal with depression
A couple nights where it started to feel like the feelings faded
A lot of problems that can't be fixed with a conversation
Your best day is my worst day, I get green like Earth Day
You treat me like I'm born yesterday, you forgot my birthday
You don't be scorin' perfect, you don't be workin' like how we be workin'
You platinium like wrappers on Hershey's boy that shit is worthless
You get the message over and over like it was urgent
And then act like you ain't heard it when you see me in person
The only thing I did to end up here was put the work in
And did it with a purpose
Used to have secret handshakes to confirm my friendships
Nowadays they just shakin' my hand to hide the tension
A lot of people just hit me up when my name is mentioned
Shout out to KD we relate we get the same attention
It's rainin' money, Oklahoma City Thunder
The most successful rapper 35 and under
I'm assumin' everybody's 35 and under
That's when I plan to retire, man it's already funded
Yeah, I brought your wifey out to St Maarten
She violated, I sent her back where it all started
How quick they are to forget about they bachelor apartment
Leave it to niggas like you to show em' light in the darkness
Told my momma that I found a lady in the east
Cancun when I got signed, they upgraded the suite
Don Julio in the freezer that they gave us for free
I get you all you can eat, just have some patience with me
You wouldn't tell me you loved me, started seein' Monique
Last time I heard from Monique, T-Minus was makin' beats
I used to hit the corner store to get Tahiti Treat
Now the talk at the corner store is I'm TBE
The best ever, don't ever question, you know better
But shit ain't always how it seems when it's sowed together
Yeah, I let that last line breathe, it take a second to get it
Weston Road flows, my confidence level gettin' settled
Don't get hyped for the moment then start to back peddle
Don't let your new found fame fool you or cloud up your judgement
To talk loosely, I really do this
Been flowin' stupid since Vince Carter was on some through the legs, arm in the hoop shit
Drinkin' Hpnotiq with Glenn Lewis I been through it
Y'all was so afraid to lay claim to it
Too busy face screwin' on waste movements
You was ridin' TTC metro, I had the place boomin'
First take Drake, you know I rarely have to take two it
And they still take to it
Big Apple had the white Hummer parked right in front of Fluid
And we be walkin' in that bitch like we already knew it
But 'money can't buy happiness', Jelly talkin' truthful
But I'm happiest when I can buy what I want
Get high when I want
Yeah, that's right
Yeah
I just love when I'm with you, yeah, this shit is on ten
We used to be friends, girl, and even back then
You would look at me with no hesitation and you'd tell me baby, it's yours
Nobody else's, yeah, this shit belong to nobody, it's yours
Nobody else's, yeah, this shit belong to nobody and that
What made me think about the game, girl
And how I switched it up with a new thang
Young nigga came through on his Wu-Tang
And nowadays when I ask about who got it, they say it's yours
Nobody else's, yeah, this shit belong to nobody, it's yours
Nobody else's, yeah, this shit belong to nobody, it's yours
It's yours, that's for sure
How you feel about, coming home with a, nigga for the night?
If you nervous, hit the lights, I know we only fucking out of spite
Cause your man don't do you right, do you right, I could fuck you so good
Then I hit you with the 9 a.m. in Dallas who you like, baby, who you like
Machine gun raps for all my niggas in the back
Stadium packed, just glad to see the city on the map
I just gave the city life, it ain't about who did it first
It's about who did it right, niggas looking like "Preach"
Open cases on me for a half a million each
I find peace knowing that it's harder in the streets
I know, luckily I didn't have to grow there
I would only go there cause there's niggas that I know there
I don't know what's getting into me
I just like the rush when you see your enemy somewhere in the club
And you realize he just not in a position to reciprocate your energy
You ain't ever worried cause he's not who he pretends to be
People like Mazin who was a best friend to me
Start to become a distant memory
Things change in that life and this life started lacking synergy
And fucking with me mentally, I think it's meant to be
Paranoid, always rolling with my mothafuckin' boys
But you gotta understand when it's yours
They don't really leave your ass with a mothafuckin' choice, man
I just love when I'm with you, yeah, this shit is on ten
We used to be friends, girl, and even back then
You would look at me with no hesitation and you'd tell me baby, it's yours
Nobody else's, yeah, this shit belong to nobody, it's yours
Nobody else's, yeah, this shit belong to nobody and that
What made me think about the game, girl
And how I switched it up with a new thang
Young nigga came through on his Wu-Tang
And nowadays when I ask about who got it, they say it's yours
Nobody else's, yeah, this shit belong to nobody, it's yours
Nobody else's, yeah, this shit belong to nobody, it's yours
It's yours, that's for sure
You must remember wakin' up in Paris with the blunt
You must remember fuckin' me like anytime you want
What made us wanna act like we were married for two weeks?
Now we back in California, we don't even speak
That's a no no
Everyone said we look good on paper
You deserve that action
Plus you get more paper than I do, that shit attractive
Things that make me miss you, with Jen and Melissa
(Say Hi, M)
Tell the squad I said what up girl
Look at me, look at me, look at I
Ballin' out, swear I use to be shy
Young nigga
Back when I, was tryna' make a, MI
My nigga, when can I
How is this shit goin' how it is
I always seem to kill it and yet everybody lives
I hope that they remember me, for everything I did
It's some views from the 6
Just some views from the 6
Yeah
All you self promoters are janky
We established like the Yankees
This whole fucking game thank us
We movin' militant but somehow you the one tankin'
No limit to where I can take it
And you know me as a Cris bottle sender
Check pick upper
I thought we looked out for one another
Saw us all as brothers in the struggle
Too blessed to be humble
I guess it's different in the city I come from
All the sudden I got people showing how much they truly resent me
They whole demeanor just spells envy
They tryna tempt me
The higher I get, the less they accept me
Even had the OG's tryna press me
Ha-ha-ha-ha
No way out 'cause I'm already in it
I'm not attending when I do a show and get a ticket
Good business can clean millions, I got the vision
I been had it since No Scrubs and No Pigeons
Even back when I wasn't as poppin'
When they told me take an R&B; nigga on the road and I told 'em no and drew for Kendrick and Rocky
I tried to make the right choices with the world watching
"Mike never tried to rap like Pac
Pac never tried to sing like Mike"
Those my dad's words to me when I asked him how to make it in life
And I always said my mother gave the greatest advice
Yeah, look at me now, they look at me like the golden child
Can't nobody hold me down, especially not right now
Certain shit is just too wild to reconcile
Take that, take that no love in they heart so they fake that
DiCaprio level the way they play that, damn nigga, what is that
Y'all don't hear no songs then hit my phone like you did that
And you even hit my line like where you been at
It's always on some shit like when can I get a favor
Or where my bitch at, like I'm about to tell you where she been at
Costa Careyes, I got her kidnapped
She ain't sorry and I ain't sorry, it's too late for sorry
Green, White and Red on my body 'cause I'm dipped in Ferrari
All she wanna do is get high and listen to PARTY
She complain, I tell the driver to drop her at Barneys
My summer diet is just Ros and calamari
Look now you got me started
I'm the black sheep, rest in peace to Chris Farley
I got a lot to lose 'cause in every situation
I'm the bigger artist, always gotta play it smarter
Y'all shook up, I'm here on the cookup
Cameras pointing every time I look up
That's why I gotta duck behind Chubb shoulder just to hit the Kush up
Sponsorship dollars is sky high
He be like, "Drake, will you please stop smoking la la?"
"Chubbs, why try, I'm a thug, I'mma die high"
Got the Rose pink tinted lenses, it's a Wednesday
Architects takin' dimensions, they redoin' the entrance
Yeah, redoin' the entrance
Kinda like when you niggas drop on some again and again shit
And you still never quite get it
Meantime Drizzy over there, tryna make you
Make you dance to this, yeah I make you dance to this
I rode big body, widebody, Calabasas road winder
Sunshinin', waxed tires
See Kris Jenner, I beep twice and I wave
The rest of you boys I blow Keysh right in your face
Pistol by my bed, I'm sleep but I'm awake
For that one night you niggas try to reach inside my safe
Don't push me 'cause I'm way too uneasy nowadays
These guys move so greasy nowadays
I tell you my life and y'all don't believe me when I say it
Save my stories for down the line, I'm too ahead of the curve every time
Just total the hits and see what you find
You SWV 'cause you weak and I'm always always on your mind
Yeah
And we can't stop
Make you dance to this
I'mma make you One Dance to this
A-ha-ha-ha-ha
Bod breed bod bwoi
[Intro: Drake + Static Major]
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, hey there, help me
I've been away too long and I know you'd agree
I'm so tired, but I can't sleep
My door's open and that don't mean leave
Know what I mean?
[Hook: Aaliyah + Drake]
Don't let me fool yah
Boy, you don't know me (oh shit)
Suppose I said I want you
This very moment
Come here and let me school yah
This is how it's done
Boy, you gotta push my buttons
The ones that turn me on, turn me on
Turn me on, turn me on
Turn me on, turn me on
Turn me on, turn me on
[Verse 1: Static Major]
Don't rush, but don't wait
Don't talk 'cause it's gettin' late
Sit right here, next to me
What's up? Your talk is cheap
[Hook: Aaliyah]
Don't let me fool yah
Boy, you don't know me
Suppose I said I want you
This very moment
Come here and let me school yah
This is how it's done
Boy, you gotta push my buttons
The ones that turn me on, turn me on
Turn me on, turn me on
Turn me on, turn me on
[Verse 2: Drake]
You know I gotta ask, what's up with the friends that you bring?
Know you got some other cool friends that you never bring
New stories for you every time the phone ring
They don't understand, girl if anything you're everything
Oh lord, good lord, smoke a little, then record
You know Papi on the vocals, 40 on the boards
Call me when you feel inspired, never when you're bored
And have a real conversation with your fuckin' boy
With the fuckin' man, Mr. Lover-Lover-Man
How come everything is on the other hand?
How come you ain't never busy when I'm busy
But the moment that I'm free you always end up with some other plans?
How you make a good dude wait so long?
I don't understand why, that's some girl shit
And what you doin' in the bedroom with your clothes on?
I want you wearin' what you came into the world with
[Hook: Aaliyah + Static Major]
This is your chance to prove that you got the skill
Don't let me fool yah
Boy, you don't know me
Suppose I said I want you
This very moment
You said you could give me the chills
Come here and let me school yah
This is how it's done
Well it's all up to you
Boy you gotta push my buttons
But you don't know what to do
The ones that turn me on, turn me on
[Outro: Aaliyah + Static Major]
Turn me on, turn me on
Turn me on, turn me on
Hey, woo!
Girl this very, very moment, yeah
Yeah, yeah
Oh man
Oh man, oh man
Not again
Yeah, I learned the game from William Wesley, you can never check me
Back to back for the niggas that didn't get the message
Back to back like I'm on the cover of Lethal Weapon
Back to back like I'm Jordan '96, '97 whoa
Very important and very pretentious
When I look back I might be mad that I gave this attention
Yeah, but it's weighin' heavy on my conscience
Yeah, and fuck, you left the boy no options
I wanna see my niggas go insane
You gon' make me step out of my fuckin' frame
You gon' make me buy bottles for Charlamagne
You gon' make me go out of my fuckin' way
I waited four days, nigga, where y'all at?
I drove here in the Wraith playin' AR-AB
I'm not sure what it was that really made y'all mad
But I guess this is what I gotta do to make y'all rap I mean woah
Can't fool the city, man, they know what's up
Second floor at Tootsies, gettin' shoulder rubs
This for y'all to think that I don't write enough
They just mad 'cause I got the Midas touch
You love her, then you gotta give the world to her
Is that a world tour or your girl's tour?
I know that you gotta be a thug for her
This ain't what she meant when she told you to open up more
Yeah, trigger fingers turn to Twitter fingers
Yeah, you gettin' bodied by a singin' nigga
I'm not the type of nigga that'll type to niggas
And shout-out to all my boss bitches wife-in niggas
Make sure you hit him with the prenup
Then tell that man to ease up
I did another one, I did another one
You still ain't did shit about the other one
I got the drink in me goin' back to back
Yeah, goin' back to back
I got the drink in me goin' back to back
Yeah, I'm goin' back to back
I don't wanna hear about this ever again
Not even when she tell 'em that they better as friends
Not even when you sayin', "Drizzy, tell 'em again"
I been puttin' on a show, it was a sell out event, oh
You need better seatin'
I didn't wanna do it, gave me every reason
The point I'm tryna make is I don't ever need 'em
Seen what you'd do for fame or what you'd do for freedom
Please, check 'em for a wire or a earpiece
Please, please do not let these niggas near me
Please, think before you come for the great one
Please, who's a real nigga and who ain't one?
Please, somebody stop me
I'm talkin' boasy and gwanin wassy
I got the fest in five days and it's my shit
Soon as a nigga hit the stage, they gon'
They gon' ask if I can play this shit back to back
Yeah, they want it back to back
They gon' ask if I can play this shit back to back
I took a break from Views, now it's back to that, nigga
Looking, looking, looking
Looking, looking, looking
Looking, looking
Looking
Looking
Looking for revenge
All summer sixteen
All summer sixteen
Playing dirty not clean
Out in front of Four Seasons
Looking like a damn football team
All in the same thing
All repping one thing
Looking for revenge
To do what you couldn't do
Tell Obama that my verses are just like the whips that he in
They bulletproof
Minus twenty we in Pitfield
At Kai's kitchen in a Canada Goose
Famous as fuck but I'm still in the cut when they round up the troops
I'm just a sicko a real sicko when you get to know me nigga
I let the diss record drop, you was staying right below me, nigga
We must have played it a hundred times, you was going to bed
Why would I put on a vest, I expect you to aim for the head?
I coulda killed you the first time
You don't have to try and say it louder nigga
Trust, we heard you the first time
It's nothing personal I would have done it to anyone
And I blame where I came from
And I blame all my day ones
You know Chubbs like Draymond
You better off not saying nothing
Them boys they a handful
Then I hit 'em with the Hotline
Chris Breezy with the dance moves
Mo-G with the dance moves
Ave Boy with the dance moves
Jimi Hendrix with the solo
Those the strings that you can't pull
Yeah, and I could really dish it out
Come and get it from the source
But fuck with all the word of mouth
Golden State running practice at my house
Nigga, what am I about?
You gon' really feel it now
I'm out here
Looking for revenge
All summer sixteen
All summer sixteen
Playing dirty not clean
Out in front of Four Seasons
Looking like a damn football team
All repping one thing
Looking for revenge
All you boys in the new Toronto want to be me a little
All your exes know I like my O's with a V in the middle
You would love it if I went away or didn't say nothing else
How am I keeping it real by keeping this shit to myself?
You was never gang, gang, gang, gang, you was never one of us
Had us fooled for a minute there, now we done all grown up
But I'm better off anyway, y'all never gon' finish Drake
Say you seeing 'bout it when you see me man y'all never home anyway
Thought of things that you shoulda said, said things that you shouldn't say
We even gave y'all the whole money play and y'all broke to this day
"Oh it's your time now" yeah, that's what everybody say
I used to wanna be on Roc-A-Fella then I turned into Jay
Now I got a house in LA, now I got a bigger pool than Ye
And look man, Ye's pool is nice, mine's just bigger's what I'm saying
I'm that nigga's what I'm saying
Getting things done around here
How you let me run it down here
I'm not even from around here
Six, six, six, six, six soon as I'm back in the city they throw a parade
I might get a key to the city and give it to Wayne
Or give it to one of the young boys to carry the wave
Yeah, so trust me, they'll be out here
Looking for revenge
All summer sixteen
All summer sixteen
Playing dirty not clean
Out in front of Four Seasons
Looking like a damn football team
All repping one thing
Looking for
They don't want us to have a bigger pool than Kanye
Man don't live off of the hype huh
Real ting eh
Yeah
I pull up in Lexus' like it's '07
I just hit a lick
I got to hit a next one
Last year I know you learned your lesson
I could GPS you if you need some addressing
Boss up, I'm the bigger homie
But I'm one year older than my little homie
'09 they was biddin' on me
But I'm Young Money, got it written on me
Ok now we got some action
Everything I said, it happened
That boy light as Michael Jackson
But on verses he been blackin'
Chasing women a distraction
They want be on TV right next to me
You cannot be here right next to me
Don't you see Riri right next to me?
I hate a rapper especially
They feel the same but they hide it
They just discuss it in private
Don't get along man, we tried it
What's the point in even trying
I hate a goofy especially
They always dying to mention me
They gottao die out eventually
I could not give you the recipe
You know the game is so separately
Swear I just had an epiphany
It cost my 50 at Tiffany's
Shoutout to Tiffany's Stephanie
They used to always come check for me
My enemies want to be friends with my other enemies
I don't let it get to me
Done
Look what I done in my life
I had to count it then count it again
To make sure the money was right
They love to talk
Me, I'm just done in the hype
Me, I'm just done in the hype
Me I'm just done, done, done, done
I don't take this shit for granted
I do my own propaganda
I feel like Juelz Santana
Leg hangin' out the Phantom
6 cold like Alaska
VIEWS already a classic
Roy outta here like NASA
Bustin' 1's out the plastic
A gram, two poppin' to fuck
The chain too heavy to tuck it, I'm serious
I feed my family with this
So don't play with my money this summer I'm serious
I don't run out of material
You shouldn't speak on me, period
You tried to give 'em your side of the story
They heard it, but they wasn't hearing it
They feeling a way and won't hide it
Niggas done being silent
Don't get along man, we tried it
What's the point in even trying
I hate a goofy especially
They always dying to mention me
They got to go, they got to go
They gotta die out eventually
I cannot give 'em no empathy
I'mma have b's when I'm 70
They cannot fuck with the legacy
I don't know what else is left for me
After this, no one a threat to me
My enemies want to be friends with my other enemies
I don't let it get to me
Check, 1-2,1-2, bitch
You expensive, you know that?
I'm high maintenance a little bit but not in a, not in a negative way
I just like extremely expensive things
Foot off in their ass is what Ken told me
Niggas like to play games 'cause they feel like they know me
You don't know me, nigga, I done changed
So don't be trying to put no shit off in the game
This ain't no motherfucking '91
We out here rapping for money you niggas rapping for fun
I don't fuck with nobody in this shit but Bun
You would think it's all mine the way I took it
You would think it broke down the way I push it
You hate it when I coat things all in sugar
You want to hear the real talk, well, girl, who wouldn't?
Working, working, working, working, ain't ya?
You don't have no time to lay up
You just trying to be somebody
'Fore you say you need somebody
Get all your affairs in order
I won't have affairs, I'm yours, girl
Faithful, faithful, faithful, faithful
You hit me like "I know you're there with someone else"
That pussy knows me better than I know myself
On my way from the studio so get undressed
Let's do the things that we say on text
I want to get straight to the climax
Have you cumming all summer like a season pass
I want to turn you out like pitch black
Want to watch you do work while I sit back
'Cause you talk like you got what I need
You talk like you got the juice and the squeeze
Working, working, working, working, ain't ya?
You don't have no time to lay up
You just trying to be somebody
'Fore you say you need somebody
Get all your affairs in order
I won't have affairs, I'm yours, girl
Faithful, faithful, faithful, faithful
[Hook: Drake]
Yeah, I know they wanna take my place
I can tell that love is fake
I don't trust a word they say
I just [?], talk is cheap
What would I do if I get my job, you
Fake people showing fake love to me straight up to my facce
Breaking news my niggas
If your girlfriend has went to any
Season opener basketball game
Best believe, she's fucking some niggas on that team
She's fucking somebody on the basketball team if she's at the game
Right, right, yep
I say bounce that shit like woah
Yeah, bounce that shit like woah
This is not a fairytale, I already know how you like it
Take you to the mall and get you a new outfit
Girl that's just some child's play
Bounce that shit like, woah, woah, woah
Woah, woah, heard all of the stories 'bout you
I already know and I like it
Take you to the mall and get you a new outfit
Girl that's just some child's play
Bounce that shit like, woah, yeah
Bounce that shit like, woah
Why you gotta fight with me at Cheesecake
You know I love to go there
Say I'm actin' lightskin, I can't take you nowhere
This a place for families that drive Camrys and go to Disney
They don't need to know all of our business
You wildin', you super childish, you go to CVS for Coke
Texting my Bugatti, I took the key and tried to hide it
So you can't drive it, and put on milage
Then you find it, awkward silence
Momma is a saint, yes she raised me real good
All because of her I don't do you like I should
Don't make me give you back to the hood
Don't make me give you back
I say bounce that shit like woah
Yeah, bounce that shit like woah
This is not a fairytale, I already know how you like it
Take you to the mall and get you a new outfit
Girl that's just some child's play
Bounce that shit like, woah, woah, woah
Woah, woah, heard all of the stories 'bout you
I already know and I like it
Take you to the mall and get you a new outfit
Girl that's just some child's play
Bounce that shit like, woah, yeah
Bounce that shit like, woah
Yeah, rode that dick like a soldier
She rode it like a soldier
She rode it like a, yeah, yeah
I got it, yeah
You don't wanna fall in love I know
I'm not someone you should trust I know
I give Chanel out like a hug I know
I knew a couple of your friends way before
How many girls have slept in this bed
Say a different number than the one that's in my head
Lying to protect you I be doing that a lot
My past checkered like the Louis you just got
Married in our twenties now, where the fun in that?
My city love me like a college running back
Pack a bag you gon' end up staying where I'm at
Took you from the hood, and I could never give you back
I just wanna let you know that someone love you back
All the Cadillac, like I'm Teddy Pendergrass
Whippin' on this shit I'm getting ready, where you at?
Riding
Rode that dick like a soldier
She rode it like a soldier
She rode it like a real marine soldier
She rode that dick like a soldier
She rode it like a soldier
She rode it like a real marine soldier
Thank you, thanks Drake, thanks baby
Motherfuckers drunk and tired
Tired, I'm tired boss
bright light, city lights downtown every night,
never has to think twice,
only does what she likes,
what she wants, what she needs,
she's my independent queen!
all right!
she'll be jumping up and down,
trying to fit that ass in.
took her half an hour just to get that
all she wanna talk about is party and the fashion,
i don't know where she's going and i do not plan on asking at all
cause this baby is free,
and she lets nobody else in except for me!
if her basement is locked, then i swear she would agree
i'm the only one she loves, there's no copy of the key
chorus: (x2)
bright light, city lights downtown every night,
never has to think twice,
only does what she likes,
what she wants, what she needs,
she's my independent queen!
what she wants, what she needs,
she's my independent queen!
don't forget that fendi purse that you put all your cash in,
kinda' hard to concentrate when the cameras are flashing.
all the dudes suffocate her, i don't wanna grasp in,
don't know where she's going, and i do not plan on asking at all!
i've never been the type to.. my connection
with nigger that wanna fight over women, that's not right,
there's too many in the world, homie you could
but i swear that was my girl, i swear it was my girl!
chorus: (x2)
bright light, city lights downtown every night,
never has to think twice,
only does what she likes,
what she wants, what she needs,
she's my independent queen!
what she wants, what she needs,
she's my independent queen!
yeah, she works hard, but she plays even harder,
all-star weekend and she's been voted my favorite starter.
on the back of a jersey, so you won't forget it,
but she shines bright, blind them light
so that.. forget it.
just one life to live, the kind of life i will
and if i don't see her tonight, the rest of my life i will regret it!
she's not perfect, but she's just perfect to me,
like it's a highway, let's ride it, you know in a second with me1
chorus: (x2)
bright light, city lights downtown every night,
never has to think twice,
only does what she likes,
what she wants, what she needs,
she's my independent queen!
what she wants, what she needs,
she's my independent queen!
You know they wanna take my place
I can't love that space
I don't trust a word they say
I just [?], talk my [?]
What would I do if I get my job, you
People around you should really have nothing to say
Me, I'm just proud of the fact that you've done it your way
And the weekends here started it right
Even if you only get part of it right
Live for today, plan for tomorrow
Party tonight, party tonight
Dying to meet your girlfriends
That you said you might bring
If they're the ones that tell you that you do the right thing
Houston girls, love the way it goes down
Atlanta girls, love the way it goes down
Vegas girls, love the way it goes down
But I gotta say, oh babe, oh babe, why is this so familiar?
Just may already feel like I know the real her
You must've done this before, this can't be your first time
We must've been here before, it's still fresh on my mind
You got that shit that somebody would look for but won't find
You must've done this before, this can't be your first time
They keep telling me don't save you
If I ignore all that advice
Then something isn't right
Then who will I complain to?
But the weekends here started it right
Even if I only get part of it right
Live for today, plan for tomorrow
Party tonight, party tonight
You got your guards up, I do too. There's things we might discover
Cause you got a path and I do too, we're perfect for each other
Houston girls, love the way it goes down
Atlanta girls, love the way it goes down
Vegas girls, love the way it goes down
But I gotta say, oh babe, oh babe, why is this so familiar?
Just may already feel like I know the real her
You must've done this before, this can't be your first time
We must've been here before, it's still fresh on my mind
You got that shit that somebody would look for but won't find
You must've done this before, this can't be your first time
Cause to her I'm just a rapper, and soon she'll have met another
So if tonight's an accident, tomorrow we'll recover
And I know I'm not supposed to judge a book by its cover
I don't wanna be in the blind, but sometimes I Stevie Wonder
About her, and she with it if I'm with it, and I'm with it
I know what makes her smile, but I won't know what makes her different
Or should I just be realistic? Lipstick on the glass
I know this ain't your first, but it's better than your last, Tunechi
You must've done this before, this can't be your first time
We must've been here before, it's still fresh on my mind
You got that shit that somebody would look for but won't find
You must've done this before, this can't be your first time
Shower her with dollar tips
Shawty went and bought a whip
Guarantee the city remember your whole name
You throw the ho a scholarship
All of them ain't all equipped
And this saddens me, I see the pecking order
Quote-unquote "bad bitches" work the whole floor
Those that get laughed at sit off in the corner
Like a lab rat nobody want her
Niggas that are married don't wanna go home
But we look up to them, they wish they were us
They want some new trim
We lust for some trust
Now the both of us are colourblind
Cause the other side looks greener
Which leaves your turf in the Boise state
Can't see her play or the team, 'cuz
Everybody has an addiction, mine happens to be you
And those who say they don't
Souls will later on say to them "that ain't true"
All of them will have an opinion
But y'all know what you can do with them
But if you unsure, I'll take you on tour
To a place you can stick that in
Well, sitting here sad as hell
Listening to Adele, I feel you baby
Someone like you, more like someone unlike you
Or someone that's familiar maybe
And I can tell that she wants a baby
And I can yell "Girl, that shit crazy!"
Oh what the hell? Nope, can't be lazy
Please be careful, bitches got the rabies
[Intro - Drake]
I'm on one
Fuck it, I'm on one
I said I'm on one
[Verse 1 - Drake]
I'm getting so cold
I ain't went this hard since I was eighteen
Apologize if I say, anything I don't mean
Like what's up with your best friend?
We could all have some fun, believe me
And what's up with these new niggas?
And why they think it all comes so easily?
But get it while you here boy
Because all that hype don't feel the same next year boy
Yeah, and I'll be right here in my spot with a little more cash than I already got
Tripping off you because you had your shot
With my skin tanned and my hair long
And my fans who been so patient, me and 40 back to work but we still smell like a vacation
Hate the rumors, hate the bullshit, hate these fucking allegations
I'm just feeling like the throne is for the taking
Watch me take it!
[Chorus - Drake]
All I care about is money and the city that I'm from
I'ma sip until I feel it, I'ma smoke it till it's done
I don't really give a fuck, and my excuse is that I'm young
And I'm only getting older so somebody should of told you
I'm on one
Yeah, fuck it, I'm on one
Yeah, I said I'm on one
Fuck it, I'm on one
Two white cups and I got that drink
Could be purple, it could be pink
Depending on how you mix that shit
Money that we got, never get that shit
Because I'm on one
I said fuck it I'm on one
[Verse 2 - Rick Ross]
I'm burning purple flowers
It's burning my chest
I bury the most cash and burning the rest
Walking on the clouds, suspended in thin air
Do ones beneath me recognize the Red Bottoms I wear?
Burner in the belt
Move the kids to the hills
Bend shawty on the sink, do it for the thrill
Kiss you on your neck and tell you everything is great
Even though I'm out on bond I might be facing eight
Still running with the same niggas till the death of me
Ever seen a million cash? Got to count it carefully
Ever made love to the woman of your dreams?
In a room full of money out in London and she screams
Baby, I could take it there
Call Marc Jacobs personally to make a pair
So yeah, we on one, the feeling ain't fair
And it's Double M G until I get the chair
[Chorus - Drake]
[Verse 3 - Lil Wayne]
I walk around the club, fuck everybody
And all my niggas got that heat, I feel like Pat Riley
Yeah, too much money, ain't enough money
You know the FEDS listening, nigga what money?
I'm a made nigga
I should dust something
You niggas on the bench
Like the bus coming
Huh, ain't nothing sweet but the swishers
I'm focused might as well say cheese for the pictures
Oh, I'm about to go Andre the Giant
You a sell out, but I ain't buying
Chopper dissect a nigga like science
Put an end to your world like the Mayans
This a celebration bitches, mazel tov
It's a slim chance I fall, olive oil
Tunechi be the name, don't ask me how I got it
I'm killing these hoes, I swear I'm trying stop the violence
[Chorus]
Cash money shit, cash money shit
I can tell that money's got you working
We've been talking for so long
Now we're finally here in person
I taste pain and regret, in your sweat
You've been waiting for me, oh ho
I can tell that you been practicing
I can tell that you been practicing
All those other men were practice, they were practice
Yeah, for me, for me, for me, for me
Girl you look good won't you back that ass up
You a fine motherfucker won't you back that ass up
Call me Big Daddy won't you back that ass up
Girl who is you playing with, back that ass up
You working with some ass yeah, you bad yeah
Girl you working with some ass yeah, you bad yeah
Girl you working with some ass yeah, you bad yeah
Make a nigga spend his cash yeah, his last yeah
Hoes frown when you pass yeah, they mad yeah
Couple thousand on your bag yeah, fuck yeah
I'm a big timer nigga yeah, money flipper yeah
Get it understood yeah, it's all good yeah
Girl I know it's real cause I've been around it
You only want what's real you just never found it
Don't give them no more chances, ooh girl they had their turn
Everything for a reason, there's things you had to learn from them
But when I get you to myself
You know what's going down, what's going down
Girl you look good won't you back that ass up
You a fine motherfucker won't you back that ass up
Call me Big Daddy won't you back that ass up
Girl who is you playing with, back that ass up
You working with some ass yeah, you bad yeah
Girl you working with some ass yeah, you bad yeah
I know he messed up
But let a real nigga make it right
Let a real nigga make it right, you deserve that much
Let me put something in your life
Let me put something in your life, put something in your life
You telling me it's only been a couple other people that you've been with
I'ma trust you I'ma give you the benefit of the doubt, and I'ma love you
You can even call me daddy, I'll give you something to look up to
All my girls from the five o four, need to drop it right now,
Need to drop it right now, all my girls from the five o four, need to drop it right now
Need to drop it right now, all my girls from the five o four need to drop it right now
Need to drop it right now, all my girls from the five o four, need to drop it right now
Need to drop it right now
After you back it up then stop
After you back it up then stop
Baby girl, after you back it up then stop
After you back it up then stop
I can tell that money's got you working
Got your body so wet
Now we're finally here in person
I taste pain and regret, In your sweat
You've been waiting for me, oh ho
I can tell that you been practicing
I can tell that you been practicing
All those other men were practice, they were practice
Yeah, for me, for me, for me, for me
Draped in all designer, draped in all designer
Draped in all designer, draped in all designer
I got all exotic bitches you gon' think I'm racist
I just called a gang of bitches out of immigration
You gon' think we printing money cause the way we make it
I got all these fucking whips and ain't got no payments
Pink slips sitting in the dash fuck with me
Got a gang of broads riding and they on drugs with me
Got a gang of cash on me like I brought the plug with me
Niggas for looking for the plug nigga I the plug really
Really I'm the plug, really I'm the plug
I dropped a few whoopty whoops in my cup
Put it on my tab put her on my tab
Franchise tag on me Bron Bron
Steph Curry wrists nigga Oakland
Percies for the bitches Bishop magic Don Juan
Standing ovation and an encore
And I keep the check Nike concord
Pink slips sitting in the dash fuck with me
Got a gang of broads riding with me, on drugs with me
Got a gang of cash on me like I brought the plug with me
Niggas for looking for the plug nigga I the plug really
Really I'm the plug, really I'm the plug
Really I'm the plug, really I'm the plug
Really I'm the plug, really I'm the plug
Really I'm the plug, really I'm the plug
Whole time I was ready
They was like "hold up wait a minute" I was like "nah nigga let's get it"
This that OVO Halloween gang, you know how I'm rocking already
If you come here trying to take some there's a lot more where that came from
And it really ain't no thing, I got Summer P in this thing
I just drop the jig in my Red Bull and it really gave me wings
Ya, ya up and away
Y'all should have seen this shit coming in May
We doing 300 records a day
Who really think they can get in the way
Nah, nah, niggas is bitter they hurting
Look at the business mergers
Throwed back when I'm swerving
Big body my Suburban
Everything I do on purpose
I'm blowing up like I'm urgent
And she was acting like a virgin
I gave it to her then I curved her
Pink slips sitting in the dash fuck with me
Got a gang of broads riding and they on drugs with me
Got a gang of cash on me like I brought the plug with me
Niggas for looking for the plug nigga I the plug really
Really I'm the plug, really I'm the plug
Really I'm the plug, really I'm the plug
Really I'm the plug, really I'm the plug
Really I'm the plug, really I'm the plug
Well, if you guessin' it's me, you guessed correctly
I just stay with a stallion, you would swear I was an equestrian
I hit her with that pipe, call that Nancy Kerrigan
Stay on the greenest greens, call us vegetarians
You be on that minor league, but we smoke professionally
I do my job exceptionally, on point like a decimal is
The way I ride on the beat man I be in the street it's done so effortlessly
Yeah, so these n-ggas can't sleep on me, there's no Inception in this bitch
I'm top chef, you top ramen, I'm top shelf
No last call, to the bartender, what you got left?
Pour it up, don't stop there, hold your cup, take a shot, yeah
All night we celebrate, cause we everywhere and you not there
Ha,
All we do is pour it up
All night, drinks out
(That's how we do it)
(That's how we do it)
And all we do it light it up
All night, all you see is strange clouds
Strange clouds, strange clouds
All we do is pour it up
All night, drinks out
(That's how we do it)
(That's how we do it)
And all we do it light it up
All night, all you see is strange clouds
Strange clouds, strange clouds
Blue jeans, I'm faded, mindin' my own data
Smokin' on that strong, that Arnold Schwarzenegger
It's Tunechi Lee you bitch you, you hot as an igloo
Kick back on that glock, call that Ju Jitsu
Hello World, I'm with a yellow girl, number 2 pencil
These rappers is washed up, spin cycle, rinse you
My n-gga, all day, all night, half pipe
I dive in that p-ssy, yeah I belly flop, I jackknife and shit
And tell my homies that I say its a party
Got that tech for technical difficulties
I'm top dog, you top ramen, I'm top dog
Piru, gangsters, outlaws
(Young mula Baby)
All we do is pour it up
All night, drinks out
(That's how we do it)
(That's how we do it)
And all we do it light it up
All night, all you see is strange clouds
Strange clouds, strange clouds
All we do is pour it up
All night, drinks out
(That's how we do it)
(That's how we do it)
And all we do it light it up
All night, all you see is strange clouds
Strange clouds, strange clouds
Well aint no question, yes, it's B.o.B yes definitely
Up in the studio, I got on my necessities
If you want that real shit, you made the right selection
I'm Decatur til I die, yes, I rep that definitely
They say I'm a celebrity, what the f-cks a celebrity?
I guess I must invest in the proper form of protection
And I, say its a curse but it's emotionally a blessing
To a n-gga from the hood tryna aim for the top
But I don't even need no directions
I just wake up and then I roll up the purp
These n-ggas wake up on my d-ck
At least have some breakfast first
N-gga keep your nourishment first and your mind on my lyrics
Cause what you hoping to accomplish I already did it bitch
All we do is pour it up
All night, drinks out
(That's how we do it)
(That's how we do it)
And all we do it light it up
All night, all you see is strange clouds
Strange clouds, strange clouds
[Drake]
She be jumpin up and down tryna fit that ass in
Took her half an hour just to get that belt to fasten
All she wanna talk about is partyin and fashion
Dont know where shes going I do not plan on asking, At all.
Cus her spirit is free
And she, lets nobody else in except for me
If her basement is locked, then i swear she would agree
Im the only one she loves
Theres no copies of the key, Homie Thats A Guarantee.
[Drake - Verse 2] (*New*)
Dont forget your Fendi purse that you put all your cash in
kinda hard to concentrate when the cameras are flashin
other dudes would suffocate her I dont want to gas in
dont know where shes going and I do not plan on asking
at all, Ive never been the type, felt alike
my connection with n-ggas that wanna fight over women, thats not right
theres too many in the World
homie you can have your pick
but I swear that ones my girl
I swear that ones my girl
[End]
Word on road, is the clique about to blow
You ain't gotta run and tell nobody they already know
We've been living on a high, they've been talking on a low
But it's cool, know you heard it all before
That's why I asked you how you mean, how you mean
Thought you knew about the team, (ay)
That's why I asked you how you mean, how you mean
Thought you knew about the team, (ay)
How you mean, how you mean, what you know about the team
Man these niggas need to stop it they be crowding up the scene
Baby girl you need to stop it all that pride and self esteem
Got you angry about this girl I'm with in all them magazines
Baby she look like a star, but only on camera
Only on camera, only on camera
It look like we in love, but only on camera
Only on camera, only on camera
Don't listen to the lies, I swear they all lies
You know I could be your knight in shining Armour All tires
Trying to tell you I'm the one, come and holla at me
Before I'm on the next thing, YMCMB (ah)
Ooh finally got you right here
Tonight I'll ease your mind
That's why I'm calling on you
And ooh soft your loves desire
It's hard to stay away
You keep me calling on you
How you mean, how you mean
Thought you knew about the team, (ay)
How you mean, how you mean
Thought you knew about the team, (ay)
How you mean, how you mean, what you know about the team
You just know what you get told girl I see behind the scene
She spilled whisky on her shirt, she gonna have to get it cleaned
She been going way too hard, someone has to intervene
Baby she look like a star, but only on camera
Only on camera, only on camera
It might look like I care, but only on camera
Only on camera, only on camera
Don't listen to the lies, I swear they all lies
You know I could be your knight in shining Armour All tires
Girl they love me like I'm Prince, like the new kid with the crown
Bunch of underground kings, thought you knew how we get down (ah)
Ooh finally got you right here
Tonight I'll ease your mind
That's why I'm calling on you
And ooh soft your loves desire
It's hard to stay away
You keep me calling on you
How you mean, how you mean, thought you knew about the team (ay)
How you mean, how you mean, thought you knew about the team (ay)
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah
Summer's mine
I swear I said about a hundred times, I'm gonna need it back
I wish that you would come and find me
Just to tell me that I haven't changed, girl I needed that from you
I'm getting money just taking care of me, girl
I'm spending time just taking care of me right now
I'm getting money just taking care of me, girl
Cause you'd be tired of taking care of me by now
But the good ones go
The good ones go, if you wait too long
But the good ones go
The good ones go, if you wait too long
So you should go
You should go, before you stay too long
Don't you go getting married, don't you go get engaged
I know you're getting older, don't have no time to waste
I shouldn't be much longer but you shouldn't have to wait
Can't lose you, can't help it, I'm so sorry, I'm so selfish
Uh, uh, I've been chilling in the city where the money's thrown high and the girls get down
In case you're starting to wonder why my new shit's sounding so H-town
But when it's all done, baby, I'm yours if you're still around
She knows, she knows, she knows
But the good ones go
The good ones go, if you wait too long
But the good ones go
The good ones go, if you wait too long
So you should go
You should go, before you stay too long
[Verse 1]
Word on road is the clique about to blow
You ain't gotta run and tell nobody they already know
We've been living on a high, they've been talking on the low
But it's cool, know you heard it all before
[Hook]
That's why I asked you how you mean, how you mean
Thought you knew about the team, (ay)
That's why I asked you how you mean, how you mean
Thought you knew about the team, (ay)
[Verse 2]
How you mean, how you mean, what you know about the team
Man these niggas need to stop it they be crowding up the scene
Baby girl you need to stop it -- all that pride and self esteem
Got you angry about this girl I'm with in all them magazines
Baby she look like a star, but only on camera
Only on camera, only on camera
It look like we in love, but only on camera
Only on camera, only on camera
Don't listen to the lies, I swear they all lies
You know I could be your knight in shining Armor All tires
Trying to tell you I'm the one, come and holla at me
Before I'm on the next thing, YMCMB (ah)
[Bridge]
Ooh finally got you right here
Tonight I'll ease your mind
That's why I'm calling on you
And ooh soft your loves desire
It's hard to stay away
You keep me calling on you
[Hook]
[Verse 3]
How you mean, how you mean, what you know about the team
You just know what you get told girl I see behind the scene
She spilled whiskey on her shirt, she gonna have to get it cleaned
She been going way too hard, someone has to intervene
Baby she look like a star, but only on camera
Only on camera, only on camera
It might look like I care, but only on camera
Only on camera, only on camera
Don't listen to the lies, I swear they all lies
You know I could be your knight in shining armor all tires
Girl, they love me like I'm Prince, like the new kid with the crown
Bunch of underground kings, thought you knew how we get down (ah)
[Bridge]
[Outro]
How you mean, how you mean, thought you knew about the team (ay)
How you mean, how you mean, thought you knew about the team (ay)
Just mail me my ring back, can't keep that shit. (laughs)
All we wanted was opportunity
Just Blaze, Lord Knows!
It's your worst nightmare, it's my first night here
And this girl right here, who knows what she knows?
So I'm going through her phone if she go to the bathroom
And her purse right there, I don't trust these hoes at all
But that's just the result of me paying attention
To all these women that think like men with the same intentions
Talking strippers and models that try to gain attention
Even a couple porn stars that I'm ashamed to mention
But Weezy and Stunna are my only role models
Heffer and Jordan my only role models
That's why I walk around with all this gold on
And every time I run into these n****s they want no problems
Bottom sixes and chains, and some bracelets and rings
All of the little accents that make me a king
I never hear the disses they try and point out to me
But it's whatever if somebody wan' make it a thing
I'm more concerned what n****s thinkin' about Christmas in August
Do anything to buy gifts for they daughters
Get some shake a brick in the press
And chef it like Mrs. Fields they're making the cookie stretch
I know it so well, I know the hustle so well
Stunt like I'm workin' overnighters right by the motel
Drug money, outfit record clean
Spend it all on me and my f***in' team
Matchin' Rollies for real, matchin' Rovers for real
Places they say they've been, we've actually going for real
I'm really killin' s***, f*** all the jiggy rappin'
I'm going trigga happy just to see my n****s happy
Mixtape legend, underground kings
Lookin' for the right way to do the wrong things
With my new b**** that's living in Palm Springs
Young a** n****, lifelong dreams
They take the greats from the past and compare us
I wonder if they'd ever survive in this era
In a time where it's recreation
To pull all your skeletons out the closet like Halloween decorations
I know of all the things that I hear they be pokin' fun at
Never the flow though, they know I run that
F*** you all, I claim that whenever
I change rap forever, the game back together, yup
YM, I remain that forever
In the same place my brother Wayne at forever
I'm a descendent of either Marley or Hendrix
I haven't figured it out cause my story is far from finished
I'm hearing all of the jokes, I know that they tryna push me
I know that showin' emotion don't ever mean I'm a p****
Know that I don't make music for n****s who don't get p****
So those are the ones I count on to diss me or overlook me
Lord knows, Lord knows, I'm heavy, I got my weight up
Roberson boost the rate up, it's time that somebody paid up
A lot of n****s came up off of a style that I made up
But if all I hear is me, then who should I be afraid of?
Bought a white Ghost, now s*** is gettin' spooky
Very, very scary, like s*** you see in the movies
In this b**** all drinks on the house like Snoopy
That's why all the real soldiers salute me
Trill n****, for real
You know I love this
Yolo, "You Only Live Once"
I'm going so hard my n****, I swear homie
Everyday is another opportunity to reach that goal
I fell in love with the pen, started f***ing in ink
The hustle's an art, I paint it what I would think
Still allergic to broke, prescription straight to the paper
Destined for greatness, but got a place in Jamaica
Villa on the water with the wonderful views
Only fat n**** in the sauna with Jews
Went and got a yacht, I'm talkin' Carnival cruise
And these n****s talkin' like hoes, they mad they not in my shoes
It's the red bottom boss, came to buy the bar
Every by week, s***, I'm bound to buy a car
Murder-cedes Benz of that bubble double R
Headlights flickin', lookin' like a fallin' star
Everyday them hammers bang, whippin' ye' like anime
I run the game but the ladies think I'm running game
Mink coats making women wanna fornicate
Rosay and Drake, I'm gettin' cake, nothin' short of great huh!
Ooh, ooh,
Listen, listen, whoa, yeah, listen, ooh
Take your nose off my keyboard
What you bothering me for?
There's a room full of n****s
What you following me for?
This ain't no f***in' sing along
So girl, what you singing for?
It's cause we blowing like a C-4
Got my whole crew blowing like a C-4
Twenty, keep the bar rolling
Fake ID's and the trash we going
Straight to the top, rooftop close
With a handful of girls and they all so foreign
Rain so poisoned, rainbows flowin'
Light skinned chick first flight from Poland
A whole lot of friends first flight from Poland
A whole lot of girls first flight from Poland
Why? 'Cause they loving the crew, they loving the crew
They loving the crew
Oh, they loving the crew
Oh, they loving the crew
They loving the crew
They loving the crew
They loving the crew ooh
Smoking weed under star projectors
I guess we'll never know what Harvard gets us
But seeing my family have it all
Took the place of that desire for diplomas on the wall
And really, I think I like who I'm becoming
There's times where I might do it just to do it like it's nothing
There's times when I might blow like fifty k on a vacation
For all my soldiers just to see the looks on all they faces
All it took was patience
I got a lot of friends to come up off the strip for me
The same ones that'll come up off the hip for me
The realest n****s say "your lyrics do s*** for me"
I told my story, it made history
Tell em I'ma need reservations for twenty
I never really been one for the preservation of money nah
Much rather spend it all while I'm breathing
That OVO and XO is everything you believe in I know
Drop down, drop-drop
Shit is real out here
Drop down, drop-drop
Drop-drop down, drop-drop, get it
Get it, drop down, drop-drop
Ooh, 305 to my city
I get it, I get it
I get it, I get it, I swear that I get it, I get it, I get it
We did it, we did it
We did it, we did it
We so far from finished I brought you right back just so we can relive it
I get it, I get it
I get it, I get it
Your hustle don't ever go unnoticed baby, I'm with you, I'm with it
I get it, I get it
I get it, I get it
Get it, I get it
They don't work hard as you, damn that's so crazy
At the end of the night when you count, numbers don't lie to my baby
Locker room full of money, girl you just did it!
I get it, I get it, man fuck all that talking, take shots to the kidney
Down payment on the Jaguar, your roommate got credit
12 months on the lease, that's a come up baby don't you ever forget it
Connections are heavy, every real nigga they fuck with you
Now shit down in diamonds, you sparkle but fuck man is sparklin' enough for you?
Ooh, 305 to my city
I get it, I get it
I get it, I get it, I swear that I get it, I get it, I get it
We did it, we did it
We did it, we did it
We so far from finished I brought you right back just so we can relive it
I get it, I get it
I get it, I get i
Your hustle don't ever go unnoticed baby, I'm with you, I'm with it
I get it, I get it
I get it, I get it
Get it, I get it
Tonight was your night, go get you some lobsters and shrimp
You smart and you know it, I get it, I get it you outdo these pimps
I hope you don't fall, that's you on the top of the ceiling
Don't you ever forget 'bout your story, I get it, you did it, you did it
Got a link on the champagne, your best friend is bar-tending
Your parents sayin' this another phase in your life they can't wait until it's all finished
Shine on them hoes, let 'em know that you run shit
I get it I get it, I'm workin' too hard let's get into some fun shit
281 to my city, heard you had trouble at customs
Your girl got a DUI, I'll make the calls to get y'all through customs
Tell your best friend, "Girl get your paperwork right"
I get it, I get it, what's up for the night?
Ooh, 305 to my city
I get it, I get it
I get it, I get it, I swear that I get it, I get it, I get it
We just did it, we did it
We did it, we did it
We so far from finished I brought you right back just so we can relive it
Your momma used to live at the church on Sunday
You just go to LIV after church on Sunday
Oh Lord, oh Lord we're not in Kansas anymore
We're not in Kansas anymore
I can see it in your eyes, you're angry
Regret got shit on what you're feeling now
Mad cause he ain't like me
Oh you mad cause nobody ever did it like me
All the care I would take, all the love that we made
Now you're trying to find somebody to replace what I gave to you
It's a shame you didn't keep it, Alicia, Katia
I know that you gon' hear this, I'm the man
Yeah I said it, bitch I'm the man
Don't you forget it
The way you walk, that's me
The way you talk, that's me
The way you've got your hair up, did you forget that's me?
And the voice in your speaker right now, that's me
And the voice in your ear, that's me
Can't you see that I made it? Yeah I made it
First I made you who you are, then I made it
And you're wasted with your ladies
Yeah I'm the reason why you always getting faded
Take a shot for me, ooh
Take a shot for me, ooh
Take a shot for me
A shot for me
A shot for me
Okay look, I'm honest
Girl I can't lie, I miss you
You and the music were the only things that I commit to
I never cheated, for the record, back when I was with you
But you believe in everything but me girl, I don't get you
She says I know you changed, I never see you
Cause you're always busy doing things
I really wish she had a different way of viewing things
I think the city that we're from just kinda ruined things
It's such a small place, not much to do but talk and listen
The men are jealous and the women all in competition
And now your friends telling you stories that you often misinterpret
And taint all the images of your "Mr. Perfect"
I could tell that you been crying all night, drinking all summer
Praying for your happiness, hope that you recover
This is one I know you hated when you heard it
And it's worse because you know that I deserve it
Take a shot for me, ooh
Take a shot for me, ooh
Take a shot for me
A shot for me
A shot for me
All my exes live in Texas like I'm George Strait
Or they go to Georgia State where
Tuition is handled by some random nigga that live in Atlanta
That she only see when she feels obligated
Admitted it to me the first time we dated
But she was no angel, and we never waited
I took her for sushi, she wanted to fuck
So we took it to go, told them don't even plate it
And we never talk too much after I blew up
Just only 'hello' or 'happy belated'
And I think I text her and told her I made it
And that's when she text me and told me she prayed it
And that's when I text her and told her I love it
And right after texting, told her I'm faded
She asked
What have I learned since getting richer
I learned working with the negatives could make for better pictures
I learned Hennessey and enemies is one hell of a mixture
Even though it's fucked up, girl, I'm still fucking wit ya
Damn, is it the fall
Time for me to revisit the past
It's women to call
There's albums to drop, there's liquor involved
There's stories to tell, we been through it all
Interviews are like confessions
Get the fuck up out my dressing room, confusing me with questions
Like
Do you love this shit?
Are you high right now?
Do you ever get nervous?
Are you single?
I heard you fucked your girl, is it true?
You getting money? You think them niggas you with is wit' you?
And I say
(And I say) Hell yeah
Hell yeah, hell yeah
Fuckin' right
Fuckin' right, all right
(And we say) Hell yeah
Hell yeah, hell yeah
Fuckin' right
Fuckin' right, all right
So much for being optimistic
They say love is in the air, so I
Hold my breath until my face turn purple
Keep a few bad bitches in my circle
My nuts hang like ain't no curfew
Bitch if you wave, then I will surf you
I flew jet, she flew commercial
But we still met, later that night
After my session, she came over
I was aggressive, and she was sober
I gave her pills
She started confessing and started undressing
And ask me to hold her
And so I did, but that was last month
And now she's texting me, asking for closure
Damn
She say this shit gon' catch up to me
I keep tissue paper
We eat each other whenever we at the dinner table
She say she hate that she love me
And she wish I was average
Shit, sometimes I wish the same
And I wish she wasn't married
Promises, I hope I never break 'em
Met a female dragon, had a fire conversation but
Interviews are like confessions
Get the fuck up out my bedroom confusing me with questions like
Do you love this shit?
Are you high right now?
Do you ever get nervous?
Are you single?
I heard you fucked your girl, is it true?
You getting money? You think them niggas you with is wit' you?
(And I say) Hell yeah
Hell yeah, hell yeah
Fuckin' right
Fuckin right, all right
(And we say) Hell yeah
Hell yeah, hell yeah
Fuckin' right
Damn right, all right
(And we say) Hell yeah
Hell yeah, hell yeah
Fuckin' right
Fuckin' right, all right
(And we say) Hell yeah
Hell yeah, hell yeah
Fuckin' right
Damn right, all right
Aw Yeah
Word on road, is the clique about to blow
You ain't gotta run and tell nobody they already know
We've been living on a high, they've been talking on a low
But it's cool, know you heard it all before
That's why I asked you how you mean, how you mean
Thought you knew about the team, (ay)
That's why I asked you how you mean, how you mean
Thought you knew about the team, (ay)
How you mean, how you mean, what you know about the team
Man these niggas need to stop it they be crowding up the scene
Baby girl you need to stop it all that pride and self esteem
Got you angry about this girl I'm with in all them magazines
Baby she look like a star, but only on camera
Only on camera, only on camera
It look like we in love, but only on camera
Only on camera, only on camera
Don't listen to the lies, I swear they all lies
You know I could be your knight in shining Armour All tires
Trying to tell you I'm the one, come and holla at me
Before I'm on the next thing, YMCMB (ah)
Ooh finally got you right here
Tonight I'll ease your mind
That's why I'm calling on you
And ooh soft your loves desire
It's hard to stay away
You keep me calling on you
How you mean, how you mean
Thought you knew about the team, (ay)
How you mean, how you mean
Thought you knew about the team, (ay)
How you mean, how you mean, what you know about the team
You just know what you get told girl I see behind the scene
She spilled whisky on her shirt, she gonna have to get it cleaned
She been going way too hard, someone has to intervene
Baby she look like a star, but only on camera
Only on camera, only on camera
It might look like I care, but only on camera
Only on camera, only on camera
Don't listen to the lies, I swear they all lies
You know I could be your knight in shining Armour All tires
Girl they love me like I'm Prince, like the new kid with the crown
Bunch of underground kings, thought you knew how we get down (ah)
Ooh finally got you right here
Tonight I'll ease your mind
That's why I'm calling on you
And ooh soft your loves desire
It's hard to stay away
You keep me calling on you
How you mean, how you mean, thought you knew about the team (ay)
How you mean, how you mean, thought you knew about the team (ay)
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah
Summer's mine
I swear I said about a hundred times, I'm gonna need it back
I wish that you would come and find me
Just to tell me that I haven't changed, girl I needed that from you
I'm getting money just taking care of me, girl
I'm spending time just taking care of me right now
I'm getting money just taking care of me, girl
Cause you'd be tired of taking care of me by now
But the good ones go
The good ones go, if you wait too long
But the good ones go
The good ones go, if you wait too long
So you should go
You should go, before you stay too long
Don't you go getting married, don't you go get engaged
I know you're getting older, don't have no time to waste
I shouldn't be much longer but you shouldn't have to wait
Can't lose you, can't help it, I'm so sorry, I'm so selfish
Uh, uh, I've been chilling in the city where the money's thrown high and the girls get down
In case you're starting to wonder why my new shit's sounding so H-town
But when it's all done, baby, I'm yours if you're still around
She knows, she knows, she knows
But the good ones go
The good ones go, if you wait too long
But the good ones go
The good ones go, if you wait too long
So you should go
You should go, before you stay too long
Bridge over troubled water, ice in my muddy water
Rich off a mixtape, got rich off a mixtape
Probably shouldn't be driving, it just got so much harder
Can't even steer straight, I can't even steer straight
Oh, fuck with me, I buy the shots
Live a little, cause niggas die a lot, and lie a lot
But I'm the truth that's right I fucking said it
The living proof that you ain't gotta die to get to heaven
You girl, you right there, you look like you like this shit
How'd I know, how'd I know? That's me on some psychic shit
I can tell a lie if you ask me about my whereabouts
But I might talk that real if you ask me what I care about
Reppin' bitches, reppin' bitches bitches
And reppin' reppin' them bitches until all of us switches
I swear, it's been two years since somebody ask me who I was
I'm the greatest man I said that before I knew I was
That's what's important and what really happened before this
When me and my crew was all about this rapper from New Orleans
Singing walking like a man, finger on the trigger
I got money in my pocket, I'm a uptown nigga, ah
With fame on my mind, my girl on my nerves
I was pushing myself to get something that I deserve
That was back in the days, Acura days
I was a cold dude, I'm getting back to my ways
People always ask how I got my nice things
Take my crown to the grave, I'm an underground king
I bet we can make tonight the greatest story ever told
Cause I'm down to spend whatever, lately I've been on a roll
And I do it for the city, cause you know the city love a nigga
Do it for the city, cause you know the city love it a nigga
Do it for the city, cause you know the city love it a nigga
Do it for the city, (UGK fuck these other niggas)
Sometimes I need that romance, sometimes I need that pole dance
Sometimes I need that stripper that's gon' tell me that she don't dance
Tell me lies, make it sound good, make it sound good
Do me like the women from my town would
Leather with that woodgrain, Persian rugs on wood floors
Talking all them good things, that's all I'm really good for
Memphis Tennessee no, see I start to go deep back
And rich crust with my seat back with Yo Gotti and E-Mack
And these niggas got them diamonds glowing in they mouth
And they rockin' furs like it's snowing in the south
And every pretty girl tell me that's the shit that she like
So why am I a classic, this is who I'm trying to be like
So I drop out, lessons I was taught are quick to fade
As soon I realize that term-end papers they won't get me paid
If I don't nothing I'ma ball
I'm countin' all day like a clock on the wall
Yeah need that, making major changes to the life I'm living
I had no choice, I had to prove I made the right decisions
That was back in the days, Acura days
I was a cold dude, I'm getting back to my ways
People always ask how I got my nice things
Take my crown to the grave, I'm an underground king
I bet we can make tonight the greatest story ever told
Cause I'm down to spend whatever, lately I've been on a roll
And I do it for the city, cause you know the city love a nigga
Do it for the city, cause you know the city love it a nigga
Do it for the city, cause you know the city love it a nigga
Do it for the city, (UGK fuck these other niggas)
"Good God Almighty, like back in the old days
You know, years ago they had the A&R; men to tell you what to play
How to play it and you know whether it's disco and rock
But um, we just went in the studio and we did it
We had champagne in the studio, of course, you know
Compliments of the company, and we just laid back and did it
So we hope you enjoy listening to this album half as much
As we enjoyed playing it for you, because we had a ball
Only real music is gonna last
All the other bullshit is here today and gone tomorrow"
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M. get the money, dolla-dolla bill y'all
After hours of Il Mulino
Or Sotto Sotto, just talkin' about women and vino
The contract like '91 Dan Marino
I swear this got Michael Rapino boostin' my ego
Overly focused, it's far from the time to rest now
Debates growing 'bout who they think is the best now
Took a while, got the jokers out of the deck now
I'm holdin' all the cards and niggas wanna play chess now
I hear you talkin', say it twice so I know you meant it
Fuck it, I don't even tint it, they should know who's in it
I'm authentic, real name, no gimmicks
No game, no scrimmage, I ain't playin' with you niggas at all
My classmates, they went on to be chartered accountants
Or work with their parents, but thinkin' back on how they treated me
My high school reunion might be worth an appearance
Make everybody have to go through security clearance
Tables turn, bridges burn, you live and learn
With the ink, I could murder word to my nigga Irv
Yeah, I swear shit just started clickin' dog
You know it's real when you are who you think you are
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M. get the money, dolla-dolla bill y'all
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M. get the money, dolla-dolla bill y'all
Uh, I had Benzes 'fore you had braces
The all black Maybach but I'm not a racist
Inside's whiter than Katy Perry's face is
Yellow diamonds in my Jess
I just might learn to speak Mandarin
Japanese for the yen that I'm handlin'
International Hov, that's my handle
My saint's Sean Don, light a candle
El Gran Santo on the mantle
'Case y'all didn't know, I speak Spanish too
Shoutout to Worldwide Wes
Everywhere we go we leave a worldwide mess
Yes, still Roc La Familia
Says a lot about you if you not feelin' us
The homie said "Hov, there ain't many of us"
I told him less is more, nigga it's plenty of us
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M. get the money, dolla-dolla bill y'all
Cake, cake-cake, cake-cake, cake
500 million, I got a pound cake
Niggas is frontin', that's upside-down cake
Get 'em a red nose, they clown cakes
They shoulda never let you 'round cake
Look at my neck, I got a carrot cake
Now here's the icing on the cake
Cake, cake-cake, cake-cake
Uh I'm just gettin' started, oh yeah we got it bitch
I've done made more millionaires than the lotto did
Dame made millions, Bigg made millions
Ye made millions, Just made millions
Lyor made millions, Cam made millions
Beans tell you if he wasn't in his feelings
I'm back in my bag
My eyes bloodshot but my jet don't lag
A pair of Jordan 3's tryna chase this cash
Gucci air bag just in case we crash
Uh, last night was mad trill
I'm fresh out of Advil, Jesus grab the wheel
Yeah uh, look, fuck all that happy to be here shit that y'all want me on
I'm the big homie, they still be tryna lil' bro me dog
Like I should fall in line, like I should alert niggas
When I'm 'bout to drop somethin' crazy and I say I'm the greatest of my generation
Like I should be dressin' different
Like I should be less aggressive and pessimistic
Like I should be way more nervous and less dismissive
Like I should be on my best behavior
And not talk my shit and do it major like the niggas who paved the way for us
Like I didn't study the game to the letter
And understand that I'm not doin' it the same, man, I'm doin' it better
Like I didn't make that clearer this year
Like I should feel, I don't know, guilty for saying that
They should put a couple more mirrors in here so I can stare at myself
These are usually just some thoughts that I would share with myself
But I thought "Fuck it"
It's worth it to share 'em with someone else more than Paris for once
I text her from time to time, she a mom now
I guess sometimes life forces us to calm down
I told her she could live with me if she need to
I got a compound but I think she's straight
Cause she supported since Hot Beats right before Wayne came
And got me out of the backroom where I was rapping with Jas over beats I shouldn't have in the hopes for the glory
He walked right past in the hallway 3 months later I'm his artist
He probably wouldn't remember that story
But that shit stick with me
Always couldn't believe when he called me
You never know, it could happen to you
And I just spent four Ferraris all on a brand new Bugatti
And did that shit cause it's something to do, yeah
I guess its just who I became dog
Nothing was the same dog
We both wake up, staring at the sky
Don't remember how we got here but we don't wonder why
Right now we living life like there's no way we can die
But we bout to do our thing they couldn't stop us if they try
Keep the weapon for the haters if they try to blow our high
How the fuck would they stop us if we by each other's side
We were meant to be together we get inside
How the hell would they kill us when we're feeling so alive
Ooh girl I know you want a G
It's kinda hard not to notice me
Cause I'm right here where you wanna be
I can take you where you wanna go, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Baby I can give what you want and everything you need
Put us both in a position where we can both succeed
And if it takes a sacrifice I promise I will bleed
All the blessings that I get I promise you'll receive
fuck them other niggas all they do is deceive
Let me take away your pain, my job is to relieve
Ooh girl I know you want a G
It's kinda hard not to notice me
Cause I'm right here where you wanna be
I can take you where you wanna go, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
I can see it in your eyes, you're angry
Regret got shit on what you're feeling now
Mad cause he ain't like me
Oh you mad cause nobody ever did it like me
All the care I would take, all the love that we made
Now you're trying to find somebody to replace what I gave to you
It's a shame you didn't keep it, Alicia, Katia
I know that you gon' hear this, I'm the man
Yeah I said it, bitch I'm the man
Don't you forget it
The way you walk, that's me
The way you talk, that's me
The way you've got your hair up, did you forget that's me?
And the voice in your speaker right now, that's me
And the voice in your ear, that's me
Can't you see that I made it? Yeah I made it
First I made you who you are, then I made it
And you're wasted with your ladies
Yeah I'm the reason why you always getting faded
[Chorus]
Take a shot for me, ooh
Take a shot for me, ooh
Take a shot for me
A shot for me
A shot for me
Okay look, I'm honest
Girl I can't lie, I miss you
You and the music were the only things that I commit to
I never cheated, for the record, back when I was with you
But you believe in everything but me girl, I don't get you
She says I know you changed, I never see you
Cause you're always busy doing things
I really wish she had a different way of viewing things
I think the city that we're from just kinda ruined things
It's such a small place, not much to do but talk and listen
The men are jealous and the women all in competition
And now your friends telling you stories that you often misinterpret
And taint all the images of your "Mr. Perfect"
I could tell that you been crying all night, drinking all summer
Praying for your happiness, hope that you recover
This is one I know you hated when you heard it
And it's worse because you know that I deserve it
[Chorus]
You know, you know
How the story go
You just jumped my style
You just stole my flow
You just seen me out
You gets no hello
And you wonder why?
Man you know, you know
Yeah, and you should let them boys know too
Show them niggas every single thing I showed you
I'm here feeling like 50 back in '02
And everybody saying I'm the man
So true
Yeah, but what does it take to feel secure?
A place with wooden floors
A space to put awards
A couple of parking spots
And maids to do the chores
The cars you always wanted
And women that you adore
Well I got it, I got it
I wonder if I'd be happy without it
I doubt it
I try not to really think about it
I made it but I'm still playing like I'm being scouted till I'm out it
Game time bitch
I hope your proud of us
King James shit
Watch me throw the powder up
This old G got my whole suite clouded up
And I bet you I be outta time before I'm outta luck
They ain't rooting for me
They ain't clapping for me
I'm only saying iwhy can't someone be happy for me?
I really hate to say I told you so
So I bite my tongue
But you know, you know
This is hard right
Please make your long story shorter
Cos time is at the essence for the king of first quarter
Numbers do the talking
I have nothing for reporters
I just hope we get these flights and don't get held up at the border
Yeah, so you can spare me all the alcalays
I'm the real reason you can find my city on an atlas page
Half a million dollars later and my tax is paid
And I'm still spitting money from my active days
Damn, life is such a lovely thing
Feel the perks that a 7 digit budget bring
Tell your girlfriend that I could pull some fucking strings
So at courtside when I'm wrong get a fucking ring
Yeah, I bet I'll be there, I'll be there
You see that 62 sitting outside
That's me there
I'm jumping to the time that's my leap year
Prepare
Putting in that overtime
I never said it'd be fair
I'm always left wishing that I could of done it in person
My apologies to all of the ones I was hurting
I got new girls but none of their love is for certain
I call old girls but none of their numbers are working
Damn, what happened to us?
Life can always change
You have to adjust
How come when I gotta carter you stare at me in disgust?
I say it's just to have fun
You should see that as a plus
Especially when I come flying through the door
I can't ignore
The paparazzi outside trying to record
Why's every woman never down here before?
Am I the only 23 year old, why can't I soar?
The rough child, the crews, the guy thats in the open seats
It's always nice when your out with someone who notices
A condo, got that art gallery openings
I'm just hoping that isn't what my hoping is
They ain't rooting for me
They ain't clapping for me
I'm only saying why can't someone just be happy for me?
I really hate to say I told you so
So I bite my tongue
But you know, you know
I know you've been hurt by someone else
I can tell by the way you carry yourself
If you let me, here's what I'll do
I'll take care of you
I've loved and I've lost
I've asked about you and they've told me things
But my mind didn't change
I still the feel the same
What's a life with no fun, please don't be so ashamed
I've had mine, you've had yours we both know
We know, they don't get you like I will
My only wish is I die real
Cause that truth hurts, and those lies heal
And you can't sleep thinking that he lies still
So you cry still, tears all in the pillow case
Big girls all get a little taste
Pushing me away so I give her space
Dealing with a heart that I didn't break
I'll be there for you, I will care for you
I keep thanking you, just don't know
Trying to run from that, say you're done with that
On your face girl, it just don't show
When you're ready, just say you're ready
When all the baggage just ain't as heavy
And the parties over, just don't forget me
We'll change the pace and we'll just go slow
You won't ever have to worry,
You won't ever have to hide
And you seen all my mistakes
So look me in my eyes
'Cause if you let me, here's what I'll do
I'll take care of you
I've loved and I've lost
It's my birthday, I get high if I want to
Can't deny that I want you, but I lie if have to
Cause you don't say you love me
To your friends when they ask you
Even though we both know that you do (you do)
One time, been in love one time
You and all your girls in the club one time
All so convinced that you're following your heart
Cause your mind don't control what it does sometimes
We all have our nights though, don't be so ashamed
I've had mine, you've had yours, we both know
We know,
You hate being alone, you ain't the only one
You hate the fact that you bought the dream
And they sold you one
You love your friends but somebody shoulda told you somin' to save you
Instead they say
Cups of the Rose
Bitches in my old phone
I should call one and go home
I've been in this club too long
The woman that I would try
Is happy with a good guy
But I've been drinking so much
That I'ma call her anyway and say
"F-ck that nigga that you love so bad
I know you still think about the times we had"
I say "f-ck that nigga that you think you found
And since you picked up I know he's not around"
(Are you drunk right now?)
I'm just sayin', you could do better
Tell me have you heard that lately?
I'm just sayin' you could do better
And I'll start hatin', only if you make me
Uh, cups of the XO
All my people been here
I see all of her friends here
Guess she don't have the time to kick it no more
Flights in the morning
What you doing thats so important?
I've been drinking so much
That I'ma call you anyway and say
"F-ck that nigga that you love so bad
I know you still think about the times we had"
I say "f-ck that nigga that you think you found
And since you picked up I know he's not around"
(Are you drunk right now?)
I'm just sayin', you could do better
Tell me have you heard that lately
I'm just sayin' you could do better
And I'll start hatin', only if you make me
I think I'm addicted to naked pictures
And sittin talkin' 'bout bitches
that we almost had
I don't think I'm concious of making monsters
Outta the women that I sponsor til it all goes bad
But shit it's all good
We threw a party, yeh we threw a party
Bitches came over, yeh, we threw a party
I was just calling cause they were just leaving
Talk to me please, don't have much to believe in
I need you right now, are you down to listen to me?
Too many drinks have been given to me
I got some women thats living off me
Paid for their flights and hotels I'm ashamed
Bet that you know them, I won't say no names
After a while girl they all seem the same
I've had sex four times this week I'll explain
Having a hard time adjusting to fame
Sprite in that mixture, I've been talking crazy girl
I'm lucky that you picked up
Lucky that you stayed on
I need someone to put this weight on
[Drake and Woman on phone]
"Well I'm sorry" -- Drake
"Are you drunk right now?" -- Woman
I'm just sayin', you could do better
Tell me have you heard that lately
I'm just sayin' you could do better
And I'll start hatin', only if you make me
[Drake on phone]
"You're not going to come?"
"Guess i'm bout to just kick it here then..."
Just throw up while I hold your hair back
Her white friend said "you niggas crazy"
I hope no-one heard that
I hope no-one heard that
Cause if they did, we gon be in some trouble
Category:
Music
Tags:
Drake Drizzy take care marvins room 2011 dollarbaby lyrics drake marvin's new single rap r&b; official music video hip hop
License:
Standard YouTube License
13,373 likes, 573 dislikes
Artist: Drake
Playing at Orpheum, Tampa on Dec 10, 2011
Buy "Marvins Room" on: Android Market,
iTunes
As Seen On:
Tengaged / mocallio
Show less
I hate when people say they feel me man, I hate that s***.
It'll be a long time before y'all feel me, if ever
You won't feel me until everybody
Say they love you, but it's not love
And your suit is oxblood
And the girl you f***ing hates you
And your friends faded off shots of
What you ordered
Then forget about the game that you on top of
Your famous girlfriend a** keep getting
Thicker than the plot does
And when you forget her, that's when she pop up
And you got a drop but you ride around with the top up
Or get three SUVs for n****s dressed like refugees
And deal with the questions
About all your excessive needs
And you do dinners at French Laundry in Napa Valley
Scallops and gla**es of Dolce
That s*** right up your alley
You see a girl and you ask about her
B****es smiling at you, it must be happy hour
They put the cloth across your lap soon as you sat down
It's feeling like you own every place you choose to be at now
Walking through airport security with your hat down
Instead of getting a pat down, they just keep on
Saying that they feel you, n****
Yeah,
It's been too long
Been way too long
I've been faded too long
I've been faded too long
I've been faded too long
Why won't it start? The ride
Why won't it start? The ride
You won't feel me 'til you want it so bad you tell yourself you're in it
And tell the world around you that your paper work is finished
And steal your mothers debit cards so you maintain an image
And ride around in overpriced rental cars that ain't tinted
You need a minute, you got it
You know its real when your latest nights are your greatest nights
The sun is up when you get home, that's just a way of life
Apartment fifteen o three, some couches and paintings
When you record with two others that want the same things
Yeah, it start to feel better than home feels
And so you up there every night you swear you getting close
That champagne money was for gas and phone bills
But s*** you bout to spend it on what matters most
You drop a couple songs and hopes that you can beat a n****
And come out every night to let the city see the n****
Telling stories that nobody relate to
And even though they hate you they just keep on telling you they feel ya n****
I've been faded too long
I've been faded too long
I've been faded too long
Why won't it start? The ride
Why won't it start? The ride
I haven't been inside terminal one and three in so long
I'm driving right up to it now, make sure you got your coat on
That runway can be cold especially after summers rolled on
And all you knew is alcohol and city lights and slow songs
For four months out the year, it's got you asking what's good at home
What's good at home?
The same hoes are still at it, I shoulda known
My young n****s poppin' M's and sippin' dirty jones
Problem children that all be reppin' Octobers Own
Brand new girl, and she still growing
Brand new titties, stitches still showing
Yeah and she just praying that it heals good
I'm bout to f*** and I'm just praying that it feels good
I really don't know much but s*** I know a secret
They say more money more problems, my n**** don't believe it
I mean sure there's some bills and taxes I'm still evading
But I blew six million on my self and I feel amazing
Young money maker, season ticket holder
Season switching over
I come through them b****es still scorching as if I didn't notice
You n****s gettin' older, I see no threat in Yoda
I'm out here messing over the lives of these n****s
That couldn't f*** with my freshman flow
Look at that f***ing chip on your nephews shoulder
My sophomore I was all for it, they all saw it
My Junior and senior will only get meaner
Take care n****
I'm still faded, faded, faded, faded (the ride)
Why won't it start the ride?
Why won't it start the ride?
Why won't it start ooh the ride?
How I'm feeling, it doesn't matter
'Cause you know I'm okay
Instead, I ask myself "why do you hurt me?"
When you know, you know I'm the same
I know, I know that you love me baby
They're trying to take you away from me
Only over my dead body
I think I killed everybody in the game last year, man fuck it I was on though
And I thought I found the girl of my dreams at a strip club, mm
Fuck it I was wrong though
Shout out all to all my niggas living tax free
Nowadays its six figures when they tax me
Oh well, I guess you lose some and win some
Long as the outcome is income
You know I want it all and then some
Shout out to Asian girls, let the lights dim sum
Shots came, I don't know where they was sent from
Probably some bad hoes about to take the hemp from
Yeah, you know me well nigga
Yeah, I mean you ain't the only real nigga
They got me on these white women like Seal nigga
Slave to the pussy but I'm just playing the field nigga, yeah
Are these people really discussing my career again?
Asking if I'll be going platinum in a year again
Don't I got the shit the world wanna hear again?
Don't Michael Jordan still got his hoop earing in?
Man all of your flows bore me, paint drying
And I don't ever be trippin' off of what ain't mine
And I be hearing the shit you say through the grapevine
But jealousy is just love and hate at the same time
It's been that way from the beginning
I just been playing, I ain't even know that I was winning
And this is the only sound you should fear
Man, these kids wear crowns over here and everything is alright
I know, I know that you love me baby
They're trying to take you away from me
Only over my dead body
You say I'm old news, well who the new star?
'Cause if I'm going anywhere, it's probably too far
Just performed at a Bar Mitzvah over in the States
Used half of the money to beat my brother's case
Red wine over Fed time
But shout out to the niggas that's doing dead time
And shout out to the bitches there when it's bedtime
And fuck you to the niggas that think it's their time
Yeah, don't make me take your life apart boy
You and whoever the fuck gave you your start boy
Or you wanna be a muthafuckin' funny guy?
Don't make me break your Kevin heart boy
Yeah, it's whatever. You know, feeling good, living better
I think maybe I was numb to it last year
But you know I feel it now more than ever
My city love me like Mac Dre in the Bay
Second album, I'm back paving the way
The backpackers are back on the bandwagon
Like this was my comeback season back, back in the day
And I met your baby moms last night
We took a picture together, I hope she frames it!
And I was drinking at the Palms last night
And ended up losing everything that I came with
Feel like I've been here before huh?
I still got ten years to go huh?
And this is the only sound you should fear
These kids wear crowns over here
And everything is all right
All my exes live in Texas like I'm George Strait
Or they go to Georgia State where
Tuition is handled by some random nigga that live in Atlanta
That she only see when she feels obligated
Admitted it to me the first time we dated
But she was no angel, and we never waited
I took her for sushi, she wanted to fuck
So we took it to go, told them don't even plate it
And we never talk too much after I blew up
Just only 'hello' or 'happy belated'
And I think I text her and told her I made it
And that's when she text me and told me she prayed it
And that's when I text her and told her I love it
And right after texting, told her I'm faded
She asked
What have I learned since getting richer
I learned working with the negatives could make for better pictures
I learned Hennessey and enemies is one hell of a mixture
Even though it's fucked up, girl, I'm still fucking wit ya
Damn, is it the fall
Time for me to revisit the past
It's women to call
There's albums to drop, there's liquor involved
There's stories to tell, we been through it all
Interviews are like confessions
Get the fuck up out my dressing room, confusing me with questions
Like
Do you love this shit?
Are you high right now?
Do you ever get nervous?
Are you single?
I heard you fucked your girl, is it true?
You getting money? You think them niggas you with is wit' you?
And I say
(And I say) Hell yeah
Hell yeah, hell yeah
Fuckin' right
Fuckin' right, all right
(And we say) Hell yeah
Hell yeah, hell yeah
Fuckin' right
Fuckin' right, all right
So much for being optimistic
They say love is in the air, so I
Hold my breath until my face turn purple
Keep a few bad bitches in my circle
My nuts hang like ain't no curfew
Bitch if you wave, then I will surf you
I flew jet, she flew commercial
But we still met, later that night
After my session, she came over
I was aggressive, and she was sober
I gave her pills
She started confessing and started undressing
And ask me to hold her
And so I did, but that was last month
And now she's texting me, asking for closure
Damn
She say this shit gon' catch up to me
I keep tissue paper
We eat each other whenever we at the dinner table
She say she hate that she love me
And she wish I was average
Shit, sometimes I wish the same
And I wish she wasn't married
Promises, I hope I never break 'em
Met a female dragon, had a fire conversation but
Interviews are like confessions
Get the fuck up out my bedroom confusing me with questions like
Do you love this shit?
Are you high right now?
Do you ever get nervous?
Are you single?
I heard you fucked your girl, is it true?
You getting money? You think them niggas you with is wit' you?
(And I say) Hell yeah
Hell yeah, hell yeah
Fuckin' right
Fuckin right, all right
(And we say) Hell yeah
Hell yeah, hell yeah
Fuckin' right
Damn right, all right
(And we say) Hell yeah
Hell yeah, hell yeah
Fuckin' right
Fuckin' right, all right
(And we say) Hell yeah
Hell yeah, hell yeah
Fuckin' right
Damn right, all right
Aw Yeah
I might be too strung out on compliments
Overdosed on confidence
Started not to give a f*** and stopped fearing the consequence
Drinking every night because we drink to my accomplishments
Faded way too long I'm floating in and out of consciousness
And they sayin' I'm back, I'd agree with that
I just take my time with all this s***, I still believe in that
I had someone tell me I fell off, oh I needed that
And they wanna see me pick back up, well where'd I leave it at
I know I exaggerated things, now I got it like that
Tuck my napkin in my shirt, cause I'm just mobbin' like that
You know good and well that you don't want a problem like that
You gone make someone around me catch a body like that
No, don't do it, please don't do it, cause one of us goes in
And we all go through it
Drizzy got the money, so Drizzy gonna pay it
Those my brothers, I ain't even gotta say it
That's just something they know
They know, they know, they know
They know, they know, they know
They know, they know, they know
Yeah they know yeah
That the real is on the rise
F*** them other guys
I even gave them a chance to decide
Now it's something they know
They know, they know, they know,
Yeah, I be yelling out money over everything, money on my mind.
Then she wanna ask when it got so empty
Tell her I apologize it happened over time
She says they missed the old drake, girl don't tempt me
If they don't get it, they'll be over you
That new s*** that you got is overdue
You better do what you suppose to do
I'm like why I gotta be all that but still I can't deny the fact that it's true
Listen to you expressing all them feelings
Soap opera rappers all these n****s sound like all my children
And that's who you thinking is 'bout to come and make a killing
I guess it really is just me, myself and all my millions
You know the game even got it like that
You gone hype me up and make me catch a body like that
Cause I live for this it isn't just a hobby like that
When they get my s*** and play it, I ain't even gotta say it, they know
They know, they know, they know
They know, they know, they know
They know, they know, they know
Yeah they know yeah
That the real is on the rise
F*** them other guys
I even gave them a chance to decide
Now it's something they know
They know, they know, they know,
im sincerely yours girl i tell u that i love u and u dont believe me
All my exes live in Texas like I'm George Strait
Or they go to Georgia State where
Tuition is handled by some random nigga that live in Atlanta
That she only see when she feels obligated
Admitted it to me the first time we dated
But she was no angel, and we never waited
I took her for sushi, she wanted to fuck
So we took it to go, told them don't even plate it
And we never talk too much after I blew up
Just only 'hello' or 'happy belated'
And I think I text her and told her I made it
And that's when she text me and told me she prayed it
And that's when I text her and told her I love it
And right after texting, told her I'm faded
She asked
What have I learned since getting richer
I learned working with the negatives could make for better pictures
I learned Hennessey and enemies is one hell of a mixture
Even though it's fucked up, girl, I'm still fucking wit ya
Damn, is it the fall
Time for me to revisit the past
It's women to call
There's albums to drop, there's liquor involved
There's stories to tell, we been through it all
Interviews are like confessions
Get the fuck up out my dressing room, confusing me with questions
Like
Do you love this shit?
Are you high right now?
Do you ever get nervous?
Are you single?
I heard you fucked your girl, is it true?
You getting money? You think them niggas you with is wit' you?
And I say
(And I say) Hell yeah
Hell yeah, hell yeah
Fuckin' right
Fuckin' right, all right
(And we say) Hell yeah
Hell yeah, hell yeah
Fuckin' right
Fuckin' right, all right
So much for being optimistic
They say love is in the air, so I
Hold my breath until my face turn purple
Keep a few bad bitches in my circle
My nuts hang like ain't no curfew
Bitch if you wave, then I will surf you
I flew jet, she flew commercial
But we still met, later that night
After my session, she came over
I was aggressive, and she was sober
I gave her pills
She started confessing and started undressing
And ask me to hold her
And so I did, but that was last month
And now she's texting me, asking for closure
Damn
She say this shit gon' catch up to me
I keep tissue paper
We eat each other whenever we at the dinner table
She say she hate that she love me
And she wish I was average
Shit, sometimes I wish the same
And I wish she wasn't married
Promises, I hope I never break 'em
Met a female dragon, had a fire conversation but
Interviews are like confessions
Get the fuck up out my bedroom confusing me with questions like
Do you love this shit?
Are you high right now?
Do you ever get nervous?
Are you single?
I heard you fucked your girl, is it true?
You getting money? You think them niggas you with is wit' you?
(And I say) Hell yeah
Hell yeah, hell yeah
Fuckin' right
Fuckin right, all right
(And we say) Hell yeah
Hell yeah, hell yeah
Fuckin' right
Damn right, all right
(And we say) Hell yeah
Hell yeah, hell yeah
Fuckin' right
Fuckin' right, all right
(And we say) Hell yeah
Hell yeah, hell yeah
Fuckin' right
Damn right, all right
Aw Yeah
[Verse: Drake]
All I care about is money and the city that I'm from
I'mma sip until I feel it, I'mma smoke it 'til it's done
And I don't really give a fuck and my excuse is that I'm young
And I'm only getting older, somebody shoulda told you
I'm on one, fuck it, I'm on one
I said I'm on one, fuck it, I'm on one, a strong one
Two white cups and I got that drink
It could be purple, it could be pink
Depending on how you mix that shit
Money to be got, and I'mma get that shit
Cause I'm on one, I said fuck it I'm on one
[Verse: The Weeknd]
All she cares about is money
And the city where she's from
Her intention is the paper
She don't need no fucking love
She spilling all this liquor
Trying to pass me all these cups
Well baby girl, I'm zoning
Somebody should've told her
I popped one
Fuck it, I popped one
Oh girl, I'm on one
I popped one
Girl, I'm lying, I'm on a few
Don't you worry, this ain't new
Can we take this to your spot?
I'm on eviction number 2
Cause I popped one
Fuck it, cause I popped one
[Verse: Drake]
You know what I'm sipping, I'll teach you how to mix it
But you're the only one cause I don't trust these bitches
I don't trust these bitches, they might catch me slipping
So, you're the only one cause I don't trust these bitches
They might catch me slipping and put in something different
So you're the only one cause I don't trust these bitches
I don't trust these bitches, they might catch me slipping
So you're the only one
Oh,
[Verse: The Weeknd]
Do you know what's going on over here
[I do, I do, I do]
Have you even bothered to look?
[I did, I did, I did]
Well if you know, then let me know
We don't gotta be running in these circles, in these circles
No more
[Break]
Trust issues (x14)
[Verse: Drake]
Drizzy Drake, check me out
Coming live from the mothafucking North Side
Kick game, run game, run it real good
But never ever have my bitches sitting court side
Same nigga that you knew way back when
You acting like it's somebody you don't know
Tell me, how the fuck we supposed to stay friends
When you got a bunch of feelings that you don't show?
I could tell, I could tell, I could tell
Certain people don't like me no more
New shit don't excite me no more
Guess that they don't really make them like me no more
You can look me in my eyes and see I ain't myself
Cause if y'all what I created then I hate myself
But still, let them girls in and tell 'em all
Leave their cell phones on the table where we see them
I'm all day with it man, A.M to the P.M
Niggas hating, I just wish that they would say it when they see him
That's that shit that drives me crazy
And that's all I've been getting lately
And it's probably why I'm scared to put the time in
Women want to fuck like they're me and I'm them
Looking for some things and I think that I can find them in you, in you
Woah, trust issues (x3)
It's like o nine in your basement and I'm in love with Nebby
And I still love her but it fell through because I wasn't ready
And your back hurt, and your neck hurt, and you smoking heavy
And I sit next to you, and I lecture you because those are deadly
And then you ask shit and we argue about spending money on bullshit
And you tell me I'm just like my father, my one button, you push it
Now it's "Fuck you, I hate you, I'll move out in a heartbeat"
And I leave out and you call me, you tell me that you're sorry
You love me, and I love you, and your heart hurts, mine does too
And it's just words and they cut deep but it's our world, it's just us two
I see painkillers on the kitchen counter, I hate to see it all hurt so bad
But maybe I wouldn't have worked this hard
If you were healthy and it weren't so bad
Uh, maybe I should walk up the street, and try and get a job at the bank
Cause leave it up to me, J, and neeks, we're probably gonna end up robbing a bank
Then Wayne calls on my phone, conversation wasn't that long
Gets me a flight to Houston in the morning
Oh it's my time, yeah, it's on
He's thinking of signing me, I come home
We make a mixtape with seventeen songs
And almost get a Grammy off of that thing
They love your son and that boy gone
You get the operation you dreamed of
And I finally send you to Rome
I get to make good on my promise
It all worked out girl, we shoulda known
Cause you deserve it
This shit real, should I pinch you?
After all the things that we been through, I got you
Look what you've done, look what you've done
Look what you've done for me now
You knew that I was gonna be something
We stressed out, and you need some, I got you
Look what you've done, look what you've done
It's like o six in your backyard and I'm in love with Jade
And I'm still in love, just when it's that real, is when it doesn't fade
And my father living in Memphis now he can't come this way
Over some minor charges and child support that just wasn't paid
Damn, boo-hoo, sad story, black American dad story
Know that I'm your sister's kid but
That still don't explain the love that you have for me
I remember sneaking in your pool after school dances
Damn your house feel like the Hamptons
For all of my summer romances
I never really had no one like you man this all new, she
Made the world I knew bigger, changed the way that I viewed it
Had all this fighting going on at the crib
You would calm me down when I lose it
Told you I think I'm done acting, I'm more in touch with the music
You said either way I'll be a star, I could go so far
Talked to me, to you got to me you
You tossed the keys and loaned me your car
Yeah, just a young kid in a drop top
Lexus hopin' that I don't get arrested
Just another kid that's goin' through life
So worried that I won't be accepted
But I could do anything, you said that, and you meant that
You took me places, you spent that, they said no, we went back
Checks bounce but we bounce back
I put all the money in your accounts back
And I thank you, I don't where I'd really be without that,
It worked out man, you deserve it
This shit real, should I pinch you?
After all the things that we been through, I got you
Look what you've done, look what you've done
Look what you've done for me now
You knew that I was gonna be something
We stressed out, and you need some, I got you
Look what you've done, look what you've done
When a good thing goes bad it's not the end of the world
It's just the end of a world, that you had with one girl
And she's the reason it happened, but she's overreacting
And it's all because she don't want things to change
So cry if you need to, but I can't stay to watch you
That's the wrong thing to do
Touch if you need to, but I can't stay to hold you
That's the wrong thing to do
Talk if you need to, but I can't stay to hear you
That's the wrong thing to do
Cause you'll say you love me, and I'll end up lying
And say I love you too
But I need someone different
You know it, oh ho, you know it
Oh ho, you know it, we both know it
I need someone different
You know it, oh ho, you know it
Oh ho, you know it, we both know it
Something's been missing
You know it, oh ho, she knows it
Oh ho, I know it, we all know it
I need someone different (oh ho, oh ho)
We live in a generation of, not being in love, and not being together
But we sure make it feel like we're together
Cause we're scared to see each other with somebody else
So cry if you need to, but I can't stay to watch you
That's the wrong thing to do
Touch if you need to, but I can't stay to hold you
That's the wrong thing to do
Talk if you need to, but I can't stay to hear you
That's the wrong thing to do
Cause you'll say you love me, and I'll end up lying
And say I love you too
But I need someone different
You know it, oh ho, you know it
Oh ho, you know it, we both know it
I need someone different
You know it, oh ho, you know it
Oh ho, you know it, we both know it
Something's been missing
You know it, oh ho, she knows it
Oh ho, I know it, we all know it
I need someone different (Oh ho, oh ho)
[Drake Talking]
I don't even need a note pad for this one right here man.
Shut the lights off
Let the mind work ya know
I like to uh
I like to take the time to dedicate this to a special somebody
Guess I'll call her one of my most recent addition to my collection of female disappointments you know
[Verse 1:]
Deceiving you are the reason that
I don't believe in finding the love that I need and
I'm Uncle Phil I switch wifey like every season
So I guess that makes u Ant Viv
Until u take from me till the point that u can't give.
And when I see u out I pass by it's offensive
But what u expect tho
Kinda direct yo
Cuhz all that Dolce and Gabana shit was expensive
I told ya
Mr. Edwards I tried to save your daughter
But she wasn't satisfied with none of the things that I bought her
And wasn't tryna show up none of the places that I brought her
And couldn't utilize none of the things that I taught her
So I was just tryna upgrade you
I ain't ya understudy that tryna upstage you
I was ya other buddy that tried to front page you
Crown you
Get to know the people that surround you
Funny to think that I woulda white gowned you
Cuz Now we sit around the studio and clown you
Oops did I let that slip oh my bad did I let that slip
I can't forget that quick
[Hook:]
Deceiving (you you you you deceiving)
Deceiving (you you you you are so deceiving)
[Speaking]
let me see what im gonna say for the second one yeah i got it hold on uh
[Verse 2:]
Deceiving you are the reason that
When it gets cold in November seems like it's freezing
And I fit every stereotype that ya'll believe in
Cuhz when I say I'm serious you claim u only Teasin
I plan a trip to the tropics that you missed
So when I'm speakin you only in topic when I'm pissed
And in a couple of years i guarantee you'll be thirsty
And by then I'll be lookin like Tropicana twist twist
What up Tessa I love you like my own mama
And ya daughters getting grown mama
And me I'm just here workin waitin patient
For her to be ready to love and leave her drama
Cuhz I don't really wanna fight no more
And I don't wanna diss niggas when I write no more
And I don't wanna bring chicks to the crib
To watch a flick in the basement on the bed with dim lights no more
Now I'm losin a feeling
U losin appealing
U need to step it up like prints from shoes on the ceiling
Oh damn did I let that slip oh my fault did I let that slip
I can't forget that quick
[Hook:]
Deceiving (you you you you deceiving)
Deceiving (you you you you are so deceiving)
[Verse 3:]
My first reaction was damn girl
How did I swing you?
I wanted you forever now I'm something you cling to
But u was my angel, Seems like ya wings grew
Unaware you was outta state doin ya thing to
Sayin to my self u deceiving
You are the reason that I don't believe in finding the love that I need
And fact I know you always be lyin when u be leavin
Goin to visit family promise me u ain't cheatin
A sure thing just might fail you
Women often conduct themselves just like males do
They huddle in a group and joke about the fact that u a soft nigga
How u think cuddling with its cute
They laugh at how u think u last when u really don't
And make u think u get the ass when u really wont
And dudes do that and why these hoes stealin it
They doin the same shit with a better job at concealin it
So sign your name on a pre-nup and in initials
She only messin with a rapper if it's beneficial
Opps did I let that slip oh my bad did I let that slip
[Hook:]
Deceiving (you you you you deceiving)
Deceiving (you you you you are so deceiving)
[Drake: talking]
Feel like uh
I feel like we back man (yeah)
Slacker It's like See, see the problem with these other brothers is that they makin love songs
We makin beyond and above songs you know what I'm sayin
We sayin real stuff we not bitter its just its life you know
If ya'll females would pull it together
Maybe we would have something better to talk about
ha ha ha you know what it is man
its drake,slacker,dilla rest in peace
I like a woman with a future and a past
A little attitude problem all good, it'll make the shit last
Don't make it too easy, girl, don't take it too fast
Yeah, that's it right there, that's it, do it just like that
Only you can do it just like that
And I love it when your hair still wet 'cause you just took a shower
Runnin' on a treadmill and only eating salad
Sound so smart like you graduated college
Like you went to Yale but you probably went to Howard
Knowin' you, weekend in Miami trying to study by the pool
Couple things due but you always get it done
Might have been a time when I loved her too
But you take that away and you'll always be the one
One, I wonder why the moon look nice, girl
Maybe it's just right for the night
You said niggas coming on too strong, girl
They want you in their life as a wife
That's why you want to have no sex, why you want to protest
Why you want to fight for your right
'Cause you don't love them boys
Pussy run everything, fuck that noise
I know things get hard, but girl, you got it, girl, you got it, there you go
Can't you tell by how they looking at you everywhere you go?
Wondering what's on your mind, it must be hard to be that fine
When all these muthafuckas wanna waste your time
It's just amazing, girl, and all I can say is
I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so proud of you
I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so proud of you
I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so proud of you
Everything's adding up, you've been through hell and back
That's why you're bad as fuck and you
B-b-b-b-bet I am
All of them bitches I'm badder than
Mansions in Malibu, Babylon
But I never mention everything I dabble in
And I always ride slow when I'm straddlin'
And my shit's so wet you gotta paddle in
Gotta r-r-row, gotta row ya boat
It's Pink Friday Records and OVO
Done did the pop tour, I'm the realest still
The best legal team so the deals is ill
It's MAC, OPI, and a fragrance too
Apparel, I'm dominating every avenue
Cobblestone, good view, little gravel too
Gotta pay for the entourage travel too
'Cause I'm fl-fl-fly I'm flying high
Ain't got time to talk, just hi and bye, bitch
But baby, if you ask me to take a break
I'll give it all away, don't care what the people say
I'll be a million, billion, trillion miles away
He asked my sign, I said a Sag'
I'm a star, sheriff badge
What's the point if I'm guarding?
Double D up, hoes, Dolly Parton
I know things get hard, but girl, you got it, girl, you got it, there you go
Can't you tell by how they looking at you everywhere you go?
Wondering what's on your mind, it must be hard to be that fine
When all these muthafuckas wanna waste your time
It's just amazing, girl, and all I can say is
I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so proud of you
I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so proud of you
I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so proud of you
Everything's adding up, you've been through hell and back
That's why you're bad as fuck and you
I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so proud of you
I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so proud of you
I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so proud of you
Everything's adding up, you've been through hell and back
That's why you're bad as fuck and you know you are
Yeahhh,
Tay you know, you know I told you many time you my favorite rapper right?
Ima start this off like you would do it
Uhh
Shout out to DJ respect
Octobers Own!
Drizzy!
hehe
Here I go!
Uhh
Look I stands out
Don't think this ain't some shit that I done planned out
And life is beautiful as ever when it pans out
And girls are beautiful until they want a hand out
But, ask apple how I get it though
I'll be on the phone with a bitch that you will never know
So you can son me never, I don't get bitter I just get better
And a verse is just a verse for me
I keep it generic and these niggas take it personally
If I was in a room and someone yelled hey bitches
I would never turn around cause I just don't fit the description
But that's just me though
But don't mind him girl that's just freako
Please don't cuss girl that don't suit you
His name 40 and his name future
Oliver's here and you know me ho
I'm the cash cow front man of o.v.o.
I am not doin features now no means no
And the hate starts building the more we grow
Damn shame am I overexpressin the game
Should I hold back on addressin the lane
Because they becoming obsessed with my name
I'm tranna clean up my mess and explain
And boy you know my progression insane
My engineer is the best in the game
And every since I've been messing with wayne
People getting jealous I can see they expressions have changed
They seemed to love me when this shit was goin nowhere
And now they got a bunch of feelings that they won't share
They just give me the fuck it I'm broke stare
Drake was at the club and he bald like no hair
Living life from a whole different angle
Only see the road through the wings of an angel
And I can see the heart on your sleeve and I know this shit is hard to believe
You gone have to get over it
And all you talkin ass niggas get over it
And all you people that be hating get over it
And all you women that I fucked get over it
And yea I'm turning 22 get over it
You know you gotta hear my records get over it
My whole team getting rich get over it
I got the city on my back get over it
Get over it
Get over it
Word on road, is the clique about to blow
You ain't gotta run and tell nobody they already know
We've been living on a high, they've been talking on a low
But it's cool, know you heard it all before
That's why I asked you how you mean, how you mean
Thought you knew about the team, (ay)
That's why I asked you how you mean, how you mean
Thought you knew about the team, (ay)
How you mean, how you mean, what you know about the team
Man these niggas need to stop it they be crowding up the scene
Baby girl you need to stop it all that pride and self esteem
Got you angry about this girl I'm with in all them magazines
Baby she look like a star, but only on camera
Only on camera, only on camera
It look like we in love, but only on camera
Only on camera, only on camera
Don't listen to the lies, I swear they all lies
You know I could be your knight in shining Armour All tires
Trying to tell you I'm the one, come and holla at me
Before I'm on the next thing, YMCMB (ah)
Ooh finally got you right here
Tonight I'll ease your mind
That's why I'm calling on you
And ooh soft your loves desire
It's hard to stay away
You keep me calling on you
How you mean, how you mean
Thought you knew about the team, (ay)
How you mean, how you mean
Thought you knew about the team, (ay)
How you mean, how you mean, what you know about the team
You just know what you get told girl I see behind the scene
She spilled whisky on her shirt, she gonna have to get it cleaned
She been going way too hard, someone has to intervene
Baby she look like a star, but only on camera
Only on camera, only on camera
It might look like I care, but only on camera
Only on camera, only on camera
Don't listen to the lies, I swear they all lies
You know I could be your knight in shining Armour All tires
Girl they love me like I'm Prince, like the new kid with the crown
Bunch of underground kings, thought you knew how we get down (ah)
Ooh finally got you right here
Tonight I'll ease your mind
That's why I'm calling on you
And ooh soft your loves desire
It's hard to stay away
You keep me calling on you
How you mean, how you mean, thought you knew about the team (ay)
How you mean, how you mean, thought you knew about the team (ay)
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah
Summer's mine
I swear I said about a hundred times, I'm gonna need it back
I wish that you would come and find me
Just to tell me that I haven't changed, girl I needed that from you
I'm getting money just taking care of me, girl
I'm spending time just taking care of me right now
I'm getting money just taking care of me, girl
Cause you'd be tired of taking care of me by now
But the good ones go
The good ones go, if you wait too long
But the good ones go
The good ones go, if you wait too long
So you should go
You should go, before you stay too long
Don't you go getting married, don't you go get engaged
I know you're getting older, don't have no time to waste
I shouldn't be much longer but you shouldn't have to wait
Can't lose you, can't help it, I'm so sorry, I'm so selfish
Uh, uh, I've been chilling in the city where the money's thrown high and the girls get down
In case you're starting to wonder why my new shit's sounding so H-town
But when it's all done, baby, I'm yours if you're still around
She knows, she knows, she knows
But the good ones go
The good ones go, if you wait too long
But the good ones go
The good ones go, if you wait too long
So you should go
You should go, before you stay too long
Yeah, never thoughts of suicide, I'm too alive
But I still treat it likes it's do or die
Even though dying isn't in the plans,
But neither was making it and here I am
In the presidential do you like your new room?
Always presidential and tonight's no blue moon
Since I saw Aliyah's precious life go too soon,
She deserve the credit for how I'm about to get it
That's why I got a new dumb thing moving through the street
Got a new condo, move it to the beach
Heard Nicki just bought a brand new crib
Goddamn man she's beauty and the beast (Lord)
Seems like yesterday that I was up and coming
Still so young that I ain't had enough of nothing
The fam here, the drink here, the girls here?
Well fuck let's get it then
I'm trying to let go of the past
Should we make this one a double?
You ain't even gotta ask, ah
Because it's hard to say no, say no
Yeah it's hard to say no
Are you down, are you down? Yea you all the way down, every time
(Every time, every time, every time)
Am I down, am I down? Yea I'm all the way down, we'll be fine
(We'll be fine, we'll be fine, we'll be fine)
Are you down, are you down? Yea you all the way down, every time
(Every time, every time, every time)
Am I down, am I down? Yea I'm all the way down, we'll be fine
(We'll be fine, we'll be fine, we'll be fine)
Used to make us proud we had dreams of getting bigger man
Loved you until now, but now I'm the nigga man
You keep talking that "You was this and you had this
And you deserve some fucking credit how did anyone forget it."
Got a show up in your city, yo girl is in the line
And the line around the corner it's my motherfucking time
You should take it as a sign, man I got it right now.
I wouldn't doubt it cause these bitches all about it right now
Let's be real about this shit, can I take you home?
Or come to where you stay? Do you live on your own?
I heard you got your ways, I never would have known
She said "you're such a dog" I said "you're such a bone."
I've been everywhere, where you know me from?
These days women give it to me like they owe me one
But they crave attention though they always saying "Show me something."
But girl you ain't the only one that's trying to be the only one
At least I admit that, if you get that, and you with that
Then fuck let's get it then
I'm trying to let go of the past
Should we make this one a double?
You ain't even gotta ask, ah
Because it's hard to say no, say no
Yeah it's hard to say no
Are you down, are you down? Yea you all the way down, every time
(Every time, every time, every time)
Am I down, am I down? Yea I'm all the way down, we'll be fine
(We'll be fine, we'll be fine, we'll be fine)
Are you down, are you down? Yea you all the way down, every time
(Every time, every time, every time)
Am I down, am I down? Yea I'm all the way down, we'll be fine
(We'll be fine, we'll be fine, we'll be fine)
Yeah, Drizzy. Yo turn nigga!
Take care of the business nigga (shine on these niggas)
Give these niggas the business nigga!
Kill spray anything in the way nigga, fuck em! We don't love em!
Yeah, it's just that uptown gangsta shit
Toronto, stand up for one of the realest niggas, Drizzy, with the realest flow
Toast to this gangsta shit. OVO-YMCMB
You understand me?
Playing with these motherfucking millions like they ain't nothing
Rubber band stacks. That YMCMB shit nigga, flashy lifestyle, one hundred
Whoa
Whoa
Yeah, yeah
Envelopes comin' in the mail, let her open 'em
Hopin' for a check again, ain't no tellin'
Yeah, she invite me to the telly, keep the blade with me
When I go to check a bitch, ain't no tellin'
Yeah, police comin' 'round lookin' for some help
On a case they gotta solve, we never help 'em
Yeah, I stay up late at night, thinkin' 'bout my life
Want a lot, will I get it all? Ain't no tellin'
Ain't no tellin', yeah, ain't no tellin'
Yeah, no tellin'
Ain't no tellin'
Suitcase, I been livin' out a suitcase
Still drinkin' Henny, if it's done, I'll take the D'usse
Oops, aye, fuck it, all you niggas two-faced
Got the club goin' up on a Tuesday
True say, I been goin' hard, but then again
They think I'm soft, think I'm innocent
I'm just lookin' in the mirror like I'm really him
Man, I'm really him, you just fillin' in
Man, I got a blunt, can I get a light?
Yeah, I took the summer off to get it right
Yeah, I gave these boys a shot and they fuckin' failed
Niggas like "you took the summer off? We couldn't tell"
Dawg, just bought a island, gotta sail to it
You pick the casket, I'll put the nail through it
I ain't gotta do it, but fuck it somebody gotta do it
Hate if someone else did it, fuck, I may as well do it
Envelopes comin' in the mail, let her open 'em
Hopin' for a check again, ain't no tellin'
Yeah, she invite me to the telly, keep the blade with me
When I go to check a bitch, ain't no tellin'
Yeah, police comin' 'round lookin' for some help
On a case they gotta solve, we never help 'em
Yeah, I stay up late at night, thinkin' 'bout my life
Want a lot, will I get it all? Ain't no tellin'
Ain't no tellin', yeah, ain't no tellin'
Yeah, no tellin'
Ain't no tellin'
Yeah okay, I had to switch the flow up on you niggas
The shit was gettin' too predictable
The new shit is on steroids, I would never pass a physical, yeah
I got it rollin' in all kinda ways, lump sum and residual, yeah
I mean we hear about the money you been gettin' we just never seen a visual
It's our year (aw yeah), Aw yeah
I mean besides Ricky Ross, Aubrey the biggest boss here
What's the word these days?
Buncha' niggas chasing after all these woman they don't even know
Buncha' out of season woman
Fuckin' off-season niggas to get last season wardrobe
All the rappers that you vouch for
Need to get out of the house more, they washed up
And even if the team was religious with it
I can't really see another squad tryna' cross us, naw
Ovo, Unruly
One shot to make it in a life
From the six to the fucking 876
Envelopes comin' in the mail, let her open 'em
Hopin' for a check again, ain't no tellin'
Yeah, she invite me to the telly, keep the blade with me
When I go to check a bitch, ain't no tellin'
Yeah, police comin' 'round lookin' for some help
On a case they gotta solve, we never help 'em
Yeah, I stay up late at night, thinkin' 'bout my life
Want a lot, will I get it all? Ain't no tellin'
Ain't no tellin', yeah, ain't no tellin'
Yeah, no tellin'
Man there ain't no tellin'
Yeah
Look
I gotta keep watchin' for oppers
'Cause anything's possible, yeah
There's no code or ethics out here
Anyone will take shots at you, yeah
Niggas think they can come take what I got, let's be logical, yeah
V-Live, I order that Alfredo pasta
Then eat in the kitchen like I'm in the mafia
Houston, they get me though
European, my vehicle
How much it hit me fo'? Ain't no tellin', yeah
What am I willin' to give her
To get what I want tonight? Ain't no tellin'
Please don not speak to me like I'm that Drake from four years ago
I'm at a higher place
Thinkin' they lions and tigers and bears, I go huntin'
Put heads on my fireplace, oh my
Take time
Ain't no tellin'
Oh my
Ain't no tellin'
There is an endless song
Echoes in my soul
I hear the music ring
And though the storms may come
I am holding on
To the rock I cling
How can I keep from singing Your praise
How can I ever say enough
How amazing is Your love
How can I keep from shouting Your name
I know I am loved by the King
And it makes my heart want to sing
I will lift my eyes
In the darkest night
For I know my Savior lives
And I will walk with You
Knowing You'll see me through
And sing the songs You give
How can I keep from singing your praise?
How can I ever say enough, how amazing is your love?
How can I keep from shouting your name?
I know I am loved by the king, and it makes my heart want to sing
I can sing in the troubled times
Sing when I win
I can sing when I lose my step
And fall down again
I can sing 'cause You pick me up
Sing 'cause You're there
I can sing 'cause You hear me, Lord
When I call to You in prayer
I can sing with my last breath
Sing for I know
That I'll sing with the angels
And the saints around the throne
How can I keep from singing your praise
How can I ever say enough how amazing is your love
How can I keep from shouting your name a know I am loved by the king
And it makes my heart I am loved by the king
And it makes my heart I am loved by the king
And it makes my heart want to sing
I can sing
First I got married to money
Then I fell in love with that dirty
First I got married to money
Then I fell in love with that dirty
Extendo, extendo, extendo
The clip got a whole lot of 30
I got my clique and they represent this
Like a nigga wearin' jerseys
Like a nigga wearin' jerseys
Like we love wearin' jerseys
Crime rate's goin' crazy, crazy
Cause my young niggas so thirsty
Couple commas, made a purchase
Caught the wave, I ain't surfin'
Caught the wave, I ain't surfin'
You do what you want when you poppin'
You do what you want when you poppin'
You do what you want when you got it
You do what you want when you got it
You do what you want when you poppin'
You do what you want when you got it
I be on syrup, they know it
Stack up some money then blow it
I do what I want and I spazz
Take the styrofoam, pour the syrup up
It's a dress code but it ain't for us
Do what you want when you poppin', don't fold up
When I'm feelin' the stress then I pour up
Reppin' the set like a soldier
Hop out the Bentley and roll up
I wasn't splurging on purpose
You lame niggas makin' me nervous
I'm keepin' your bank, I'm like Bird
Sip out my cup and it's dirty
First I got married to money
Then I fell in love with that dirty
First I got married to money
Then I fell in love with that dirty
Extendo, extendo, extendo
The clip got a whole lot of 30
I got my clique and they represent this
Like a nigga wearin' jerseys
Like a nigga wearin' jerseys
Like we love wearin' jerseys
Crime rate's goin' crazy, crazy
Cause my young niggas so thirsty
Couple commas, made a purchase
Caught the wave, I ain't surfin'
Caught the wave, I ain't surfin'
You do what you want when you poppin'
You do what you want when you poppin'
You do what you want when you got it
You do what you want when you got it
You do what you want when you poppin'
You do what you want when you got it
I like the smell of that money when it burn
Bitch you know a nigga poppin', wait your turn
I make some more money, it's got me delirious
When your gang gangs in the chain gang, this shit serious
I got a main ting, that's a period
I rep the same gang on account of my niggas
We fill up two planes on account of these riches
I fuck up some loose change on account of these bitches
I be on syrup, they know it
Stack up some money then blow it
I do what I want and I spazz
Take the styrofoam, pour the syrup up
It's a dress code but it ain't for us
First I got married to money
Then I fell in love with that dirty
First I got married to money
Then I fell in love with that dirty
Extendo, extendo, extendo
The clip got a whole lot of 30
I got my clique and they represent this
Like a nigga wearin' jerseys
Like a nigga wearin' jerseys
Like we love wearin' jerseys
Crime rate's goin' crazy, crazy
Cause my young niggas so thirsty
Couple commas, made a purchase
Caught the wave, I ain't surfin'
Caught the wave, I ain't surfin'
You do what you want when you poppin'
Yeah
When I pull up on a nigga
Tell that nigga back back
I'm too good with these words
Watch a nigga backtrack
If I die, all I know is I'm a motherfuckin' legend
It's too late for my city
I'm the youngest nigga reppin'
Oh my God, oh my God
If I die, I'm a legend
Oh my God, oh my God
If I die, I'm a legend
I'm up first, I'm on tour
Got a girl, she from the South
Used to work, used to dance in Texas
Now she clean the house
Everyday, I was strugglin' to learn what life's about
On my way, money taught me Spanish
Make it andale
Way up north, packed in Honda cars
They 'ont know who we are
Fuck 'em all, they only pussy niggas shootin' at the star
Right or wrong, I'ma write my wrongs
They can't live this long
You don't know where you're gonna go
I got this shit mapped out strong
When I pull up on a nigga
Tell that nigga back back
I'm too good with these words
Watch a nigga backtrack
All I know if I die I'm a motherfuckin' legend
It's too late for my city
I'm the youngest nigga reppin'
Oh my God, oh my God
If I die, I'm a legend
Oh my God, oh my God
If I die, I'm a legend
I'm the one, one
Why do I feel like the only one?
Why do I feel like you owe me one?
6 G-O-D I'm the holy one
Yeah, you know wassup, ay
They been off for a minute now
You know they all sentimental now
You know they all actin' different now
And I, I just can't pretend
Seen too much, it's so hard for me to let new people in
I can't change, this shit set in stone
They can't live this long
You don't know where you're gonna go
I got this shit mapped out strong
When I pull up on a nigga
Tell that nigga back back
I'm too good with these words
Watch a nigga backtrack
All I know if I die I'm a motherfuckin' legend
It's too late for my city
I'm the youngest nigga reppin'
Oh my God, oh my God
If I die, I'm a legend
Oh my God, oh my God
If I die, I'm a legend
I'm the one
Yeah
Yeah
Boomin' out in South Gwinnett like Lou Will
6 Man like Lou Will, 2 girls and they get along like I'm (Lou Will)
Like I'm Lou Will, I just got the new deal
I am in the Matrix and I just took the blue pill
No ho shit, no fuckin' ho shit, save that for your shit
I don't need no fuckin' body, I run my own shit
Like Soulja, I thought I told yah, you didn't listen
Fieri, I'm in the kitchen, I'm a magician
I'm on it, I'm like Macgyver, I'm Michael Myers
I kill careers and cut the lights off, this shit is frightenin'
I knew it would end up like this, I'm fuckin' psychic
Young but I'm makin' millions to work the night shift
Yeah
Work the night shift
Young but I'm makin' millions to work the night shift
Work
Work the night shift
Young but I'm gettin' every single motherfuckin' thing
I'm old, you gotta know
I'm here to fuck with niggas souls, my heart is cold
It's prolly 'cause I'm from the snow, with all my woes
I know they wanna see me go, I'm on a roll
I mean I'm back on this again, I'm here again
You know the truth, this not pretend, I'm not your friend
Not your guy, I'm not your buddy, show no lovin'
I might go DeMarcus Cousins out in public
Man I'm back on this again, I'm here again
I didn't do this fuckin' tape for CNN
I am not tryna win awards, that shit looked forced
It's nothin' like this
Young but I'm makin' millions to work the night shift
Yeah
Work the night shift
Young but I'm makin' millions to work the night shift
Work
Work the night shift
If you were worried about where
I've been or who I saw or
What club I went to with the homies
Baby don't worry, you know that you got me
I'm never worried about where
I'm at or who I saw or
What club I go to with the homies
Baby don't worry, I know that they got me
Yeah, when you get to where I'm at
You gotta remind 'em where the fuck you at
Every time they talkin' it's behind your back
Gotta learn to line 'em up and then attack
They gon' say your name on them airwaves
They gon' hit you up right after like it's only rap
Jewels look like I found a motherfuckin' treasure map
And ain't told no one where the fuck it's at
Shout out to the G's from the ends
We don't love no girls from the ends
I'm gon hit 'em with the wham once again
I'mma always end up as a man in the end, dog
It's just apparent every year
Only see the truth when I'm staring in the mirror
Lookin' at myself like, there it is there
Yeah, like there it is there man, hoo
I ain't tryna chance it
I be with the bands like a nigga went to Jackson State
Or Grambling
Young Nick Cannon with the snare drum, dancin'
Watch the way I handle it, uh
Bring it to the bedroom, you know that shit is candle lit
She know I'm the man with it, uh
With the bands like I must've went to Clark, went to Hampton
I ain't playin' with it
I ain't felt the pressure in a little while
It's gonna take some getting used to
Floatin' all through the city with the windows down
Puttin' on like I used to
They never told me when you get the crown
It's gon' take some getting used to
New friends all in their old feelings now
They don't love you like they used to man
Way more gully gully than buddy buddy
Never needed your acceptance, never needed nothin'
You don't understand, I'm the only one to hear from
You don't understand that it's me or nothin'
Yea, I'm fuckin' glowin' up
Shaq postin' up on niggas that I used to have posters of
Real quick man, you couldn't have hated that
Let's be real nigga, you couldn't have made it that
Wooh, dance our dance, watch me dance
You're fuckin' with the best man, I'm too advanced
After this drop I got new demands
Can't meet the terms, keep it movin' then
Make sure the plane got a phone now
So when we bout to land I can call to tell the wolves I'm home now
I'll tell 'em link up at the valley at the Hazy
Think I had the shit that had the city going crazy
I ain't felt the pressure in a little while
It's gonna take some getting used to
Floatin' all through the city with the windows down
Puttin' on like I used to
They never told me when you get the crown
It's gon' take some getting used to
New friends all in their old feelings now
They don't love you like they used to man
When you get to where the fuck I'm at
You gotta remind 'em about where you been
About all of the money that done came and went
About the two cents I ain't never spent
When they say you're too famous to pack a gat
I gotta remind 'em about where I'm from
Not about where I'm going, about where I've gone
Stepping on a Swisher roach like a stepping stone
Goin' at a nigga throat like a herringbone
Boy do I smell beef? Mmmm pheromones
Got a fuckin' halo over my devil horns
Trap pumpin' all night like Chevron
Suck a nigga dick for a iPhone 6
Fuck my nigga Terry for a new Blackberry
You can get buried for a ounce of Katy Perry
I was only five but still remember the drought in '87
Lord tell 'em bitches I ain't got no times to play games with 'em
I ain't got no time
Tell her that I love her and I hate her in the same sentence
I'm fuckin' her mind
I got, mind control over Deebo
Parmesan my panino
Promethazine over Pinot
And when my bloods start shootin' that's B-roll bitch
I ain't felt the pressure in a little while
It's gonna take some getting used to
Floatin' all through the city with the windows down
Puttin' on like I used to
They never told me when you get the crown
It's gon' take some getting used to
New friends all in their old feelings now
They don't love you like they used to man
Never thought I'd be talking from this perspective
But I'm not really sure what else you expected
When the higher-ups have all come together as a collective
With conspiracies to end my run and send me a message
40, Did you get the message?
Cause I just checked my phone and I didn't get it
I mean, I say hats off for a solid effort
But we didn't flinch for a second, we got our shit together
Yeah, not here to fight wars
But niggas wanna talk high scores
Party just dipped off in a white Porsche
And I just came from dinner where I ate some well done seared scallops
That were to die for
But I got bigger fish to fry
I'm talking bigger shit than you and I
Kids'll lose their lives, got me scared of losing mine
And if I hold my tongue about it, I get crucified
Wrote this shit on a bumpy flight on a summer night
Flying over Chattanooga, out here trying to spread the movement
I just got me the Mercedes Pullman
You niggas never heard of it, you gotta hit up Google
Back in the city, shit is getting brutal
These kids'll hit your noodle then take a girl to the movies
They've been dropping out on both sides
We ain't in it, we just ghost ride
The pen is working if you niggas need some ghost lines
I thought you wanted yours like I want mine
I guess you just making moves on your own time
But just know it'll be January in no time
And your absence is very concerning
It's like you went on vacation with no plan of returning
Shit is purely for sport, I need it 30 for 30
Banners are ready in case we need to retire your jersey
I got a club in the Raptors arena
Championships, celebrations during regular seasons
Paternity testing for women that I never slept with
I'm legally obligated if they request it
So much legal action like I'm Michael Jackson
Luckily, I'm great at avoiding distraction
Used to get no reaction, now I'm overreacting
Ah nigga, that shit gotta go platinum
I just listened to Closer To My Dreams
Wide eyed and uneducated at 19
I can't rap like that, all young and naive
Not after all of the shit I've seen and the things I believe
Drastically changing, thank you for all your patience
I'm just in a different space and I choose to embrace it
4,000 Square feet just isn't as spacious
You loved me back in the basement, guess it is what we make it
I'm tired of awkward exchanges and nigga's crooked ways
Tired of champagne toasts with people that look away
Peyton and Eli when niggas called me they brother the season start
And I don't wanna see you end up with nothing
Y'all throw the word "family" around too much in discussion
Rookie season, I would've never thought this was coming
They knees give out and they passing to you all of a sudden
Now you the one getting buckets
They put their arm around you, now you becoming the crutches
Kids got on your number cause you the one they look up to
And women that you seen on TV look better in person
And either they wanna fuck you or convince you
That they can to see where it goes from there
But these ain't the girls from Brampton, this ain't that local action
The haters just bringing me and my people closer, actually
What happened to the things you niggas said was supposed to happen?
Are we just supposed to ignore the fact that it never happened?
We just supposed to get the pie and then split it in two?
Supposed to forget your mistakes but not forget about you?
My plan was always to make the product jump off the shelf
And treat the money like secrets, keep that shit to ourselves
Papi champ, young pablito de seis dios
6 G-O-D, I think I was destined for this shit when I was 'round Keyshia Cole and T.I
And Young Dro was popping off, well ain't I?
Way before niggas had they hands out like they doing macarena
But who am I to complain now, I'm still around, they know
You're my right hand, you're my go to
Told me everything about you
That's a bold move
I know that you're out here
And there's things you gotta go through
Just know that these streets just don't love you like I do
And they never will
But I swear you gotta chill
You wanna grip Benz wheel
And I know you can't wait
You dream big and sleep late
You got a lot on your plate
That's why you're always working out
Taking pictures of yourself
You don't see anybody else
You're like oh well
You're like fuck it oh well
My past behind me like a pony tail
But you're my right hand, you're my go to
Told me everything about you
That's a bold move
I know that you're out here
And there's things you gotta go through
Just know that these streets just don't love you like I do
And they never will
Ok I know you want the Audi
I know you want to go to Maui
You and all your girlfriends
The ones you never bring around me
Cause you don't trust me like your last man
Did he open doors for ya?
Buy the things he can't afford for ya
Cause he must have did a lot for ya
I just fell back with it
And now your past is behind you
Like the car with the strap in it
Thank god that's finished
Cause now it's back to business
Any more henny and you're past the limit
You told me about the picture
Now you have to send it
I would never put you on blast when I get it
Draped in all designer, draped in all designer
Draped in all designer, draped in all designer
I got all exotic bitches you gon' think I'm racist
I just called a gang of bitches out of immigration
You gon' think we printing money cause the way we make it
I got all these fucking whips and ain't got no payments
Pink slips sitting in the dash fuck with me
Got a gang of broads riding and they on drugs with me
Got a gang of cash on me like I brought the plug with me
Niggas for looking for the plug nigga I the plug really
Really I'm the plug, really I'm the plug
I dropped a few whoopty whoops in my cup
Put it on my tab put her on my tab
Franchise tag on me Bron Bron
Steph Curry wrists nigga Oakland
Percies for the bitches Bishop magic Don Juan
Standing ovation and an encore
And I keep the check Nike concord
Pink slips sitting in the dash fuck with me
Got a gang of broads riding with me, on drugs with me
Got a gang of cash on me like I brought the plug with me
Niggas for looking for the plug nigga I the plug really
Really I'm the plug, really I'm the plug
Really I'm the plug, really I'm the plug
Really I'm the plug, really I'm the plug
Really I'm the plug, really I'm the plug
Whole time I was ready
They was like "hold up wait a minute" I was like "nah nigga let's get it"
This that OVO Halloween gang, you know how I'm rocking already
If you come here trying to take some there's a lot more where that came from
And it really ain't no thing, I got Summer P in this thing
I just drop the jig in my Red Bull and it really gave me wings
Ya, ya up and away
Y'all should have seen this shit coming in May
We doing 300 records a day
Who really think they can get in the way
Nah, nah, niggas is bitter they hurting
Look at the business mergers
Throwed back when I'm swerving
Big body my Suburban
Everything I do on purpose
I'm blowing up like I'm urgent
And she was acting like a virgin
I gave it to her then I curved her
Pink slips sitting in the dash fuck with me
Got a gang of broads riding and they on drugs with me
Got a gang of cash on me like I brought the plug with me
Niggas for looking for the plug nigga I the plug really
Really I'm the plug, really I'm the plug
Really I'm the plug, really I'm the plug
Really I'm the plug, really I'm the plug
Really I'm the plug, really I'm the plug
Having conversations with mama, man my life is a mess
Ain't been returning the texts, so she been reading the press
She got Google Alerts, them shits go straight to her phone
She worry bout me from home, you know she raised me alone
She said "I heard you back with you know who
I told her "Girl I'm always back with you know who"
And she like "Who are we kidding
You're 27 you just being you
You're your father's child, man thank God you got some me in you"
At least I always, at least I always see it through
At least I'm always being true to what you taught me
Retired teacher but your words still got me evolving
Never get sloppy drunk, but alcohol is problem solving
And look I hate it when you hate on all my girlfriends
And assistants always convinced that there's always someone better
Like that girl from that gym who trains you
I know you wanna arrange it, you told me she's free Thursday
And I'm sure that she's a angel but she don't want this life
The timing ain't right
Maybe one day but even one day with us is a time of a life
We do things that people pay to document
You got the sweetest heart but I'm not here to give out compliments, or boost nobody confidence momma
I got no friends in this momma
I don't pretend with this momma
I'on joke with this momma
I pull the knife out my back and cut they throat with it momma
I'm "Game of Thrones" with it momma
I'm " Home Alone" with it momma
I'm t-
I really hate using this tone with you momma
I really hate getting aggressive on this phone with you momma
I really hate wasting your time to check a clone or two momma
It's just they cloning me momma
Them niggas wannabes momma
Its like - I'm the one they wanna be momma
I just- I- I can't be out here being vulnerable momma
I mean I kill em every time they do a song with me momma
I sing a hook they sing along with me momma
What more they want from me momma?
Yeah, this is a crazy life
But you and the six raised me right
"Don't ever take advice," that was great advice
You and the six raised me right, that shit saved my life
Having conversations with momma, we start talkin' bout dad
You know he dropping a single, he saying this is his window
That nigga still wearing linen, that nigga still in the club
Call him after we get off the phone and show him some love
That nigga Memphis for real, girl he love you to death
He made mistakes throughout his life that he still doesn't accept
But he just want our forgiveness, and fuck it look how we living
I'm content with this story, who are we not to forgive him?
At least I been to a prison, at least I know what it's like
I used to rap on the phone, one of his friends doing life
And now I got me a Grammy, that could be part of the reason
Let's just call this shit even, we got some things to believe in
Do you remember back to Weston Road, Scarlett Road?
Hangin' with Aaron Bell and Reny shit could've gone south for me he looked out for me ma
He never let me do drugs
He let me shoot a gun one summer but out there everyone does
He made me listen to his music, old music, soul music
Shit that can only be created if you go through it
I used to get teased for being black, and now I'm here and I'm not black enough
Cause I'm not acting tough or making stories up bout where I'm actually from
But I just roll with it momma, rolling stone with it momma
Gotta be careful around rolling stones or anyone that's tryna throw stones at me momma
I'm not condoning it momma
They will not tear nothing down I built this home for you momma
Know I don't call enough momma
I just been working with so little time for personal momma
Hard labor let me pay the price
You and the six raised me right that shit saved my life
Always, new ways, gotta keep 'em [?]
The girl of your dreams, to me is probably not an [?]
I've been counted out so many times I couldn't count it
Funny how now my accountant is havin' trouble tryna count it
To the people that think that I owe you shit
Payback's a bitch and you know that shit
Y'all niggas gettin' too old for this
Please don't think nobody notices
I've been awake too many days
Y'all sleepin' on me anyway
Y'all don't be doin' shit anyway
Y'all are not true to this anyway
OVO, me and Reps Up, we might just kick here with the reefer
Comin' home for the summer, so let's just do nothin' illegal
I go make 50 million then I give a million to my people
[?] Tony Montana [?]
From the way fam, there's not much to say fam
[?]
It's over, yeah it's over yeah, I'm leaving, I'm gone
I can't stay here no more and I can't sleep on the floor
Man, I'm leaving, I'm leaving, you know I got my reasons
Yeah I'm leaving, yeah I'm leaving, yeah I'm leaving, I'm gone
I'm leaving, I'm gone
I had to knock down the wall
Yeah I swear to god that I'm gone
I'm leaving, I'm leaving
No looking back when I'm gone
No more
It's over, yeah it's over, yeah I'm leaving, I'm gone
I've been doing this wrong, I've been here for too long
Yeah I'm leaving, I'm leaving, you know I got my reasons
Yeah I'm leaving, I'm leaving, I'm leaving, I'm gone
I don't wanna miss the boat, I don't wanna sit in coach
I don't wanna sit at home, I gotta get where I'm going
I'm afraid I'mma die before I get where I'm going
I know I'mma be alone
I know I'm out on my own
I just gotta hit the road
I just gotta know the road
I just gotta hit a road
I just gotta know the road
Something is said, don't say that again
I just been out and bad from way back when
I can't be out here on no laid back shit
You got something to say, then say that thing
I just been out and bad from way back when
I gotta get on the road, I gotta get on the road
I ain't looking back no more, no, no, no
No more
I gotta go out and get, want you to know what I did
Want you to know how it went
That's why I keep telling you over and over again
Just let me go
Just let me go, let me bring it home to you
Now and forever, I'll bring it home to you
Just let me go, let me bring it home
Let me go, let me bring it home to you
Let me go, let me bring it home
Now and forever, I'll bring it home to you
Let me go, let me bring it home to you
Now and forever, I'll bring it home
[Intro: Drake]
Live from the Waldorf in Berlin
Coming at you once again
With stories of truth and stories of sin
[Verse 1: Drake]
Yeah, the ball is in your court
No defense, nobody's keeping score
No offense but I've played this before
Maybe you can and you just don't care anymore
Evolving, evolving, evolving, e-yeah
And I'm right back here when I said I wouldn't
You were never a good girl but you're a better woman now
Evolving, evolving, evolving, evolving
Look, you remind me of Jane Birkin
Your body insane in person
Wanna do special things for you
You deserve it
But you're too famous to buy you purses
That barely scratches the surface
This time is different, you give me purpose
Tell me you taking it serious
I gotta ask how serious?
Cause your serious has just been not that serious
Got me on tour acting like I'm not that curious
Ignoring all the pussy that's thrown at me
Been thinking 'bout home actually
Where Roxx has Kim and Mark has Ashley
And Niks has Ezee
And I, I don't even know what I have anymore
Evolving, evolving, evolving, evolving
[Verse 2: The Weeknd]
We are not the same I am too reckless
I'm not tryna go in that direction
These niggas they been doing too much flexing
And they're about to call the wrong attention
And I ain't got no patience, no more testing
I do shit how I want, don't need no blessing
XO niggas ain't nothing to mess with
Nobody stopping us, oh no we're destined
And everybody around you is so basic
I'm never rocking white, I'm like a racist
I don't drink my liquor with a chasin'
And money is the only thing I'm chasin'
And some dope dimes on some coke lines
Give me head all night, cum four times
Baby girl just wanna smoke a pound
Do an ounce, get some dick
Tell her friends about it
[Hook: The Weeknd]
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell them what you know, what you seen
How I roll, how I did it on the low
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell them what you know, what you seen
How I roll, how I be off that coke
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell your friends about it
I'm that nigga with the hair
Singing 'bout popping pills, fucking bitches, living life so trill
[Verse 3: The Weeknd]
Last year I did all the politicin'
This year I'm all focused on the vision
I think these hoes deserve another fixing
I'm talking about the ones from the beginning
Don't believe the rumours bitch, I'm still a user
I'm still rocking camo and still roll with shooters
I'm a villain in my city, I just made another killing
I'mma spend it all on bitches
And everybody fuckin, everybody fucking
Pussy on the house, everybody fucking
And I miss my city man it's been a minute
M.I.A. a habit, Cali was the mission
Cruise through the west-end in my new Benz
I'm just tryna live life through a new lens
Driving by the streets I used to walk through
When I had no crib I guess you call that shit a miracle
[Hook: The Weeknd]
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell them what you know, what you seen
How I roll, how I be on the low
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell your friends about it
I'm that nigga with the hair
Singing 'bout popping pills, fucking bitches, living life so trill
[Verse 4: The Weeknd]
My cousin said I made it big and it's unusual
She tried to take a selfie at my Grandma's funeral
Used to roam on Queen, now I sing Queen street anthems
Used to hate attention, now I pull up in that wagon
I was broken, I was broken, I was so broke
I used to roam around the town when I was homeless
Me and Lamar would rob a nigga for his Jordans
And flip it just to get these hoes another nose fix
Now we get faded, when we want girl, we got choices
Lay them on the fucking table, we got choices
And if they wanna fuck my niggas, they got choices
They told me not to fall in love, that shit is pointless
Yeah, that shit is pointless
They told me not to fall in love, that shit is pointless
Yeah, that shit is pointless
It's only meant to fall in love
That shit is pointless
[Hook: The Weeknd]
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell them what you know, what you seen
How I roll, how I be off that coke
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell your friends about it
I'm that nigga with the hair
Singing 'bout popping pills, fucking bitches, living life so trill
Life so trill
Life so trill
Life so trill
Yeah
Halloween
Taliban, Taliban
Jumpman, Jumpman, Jumpman, them boys up to something
They just spent like two or three weeks out the country
Them boys up to something they just not just bluffing
You don't have to call I hit my dance like Usher
I just found my tempo like I'm DJ mustard
I hit the Ginobili with my left hand up like woo
Lobster and celine for all my babies that I miss
Chicken fingers, french fries for them hoes that wanna diss
Jumpman, Jumpman, Jumpman, them boys up to something
Uh, uh, uh think I need some Robitussin
Way too many questions you must think I trust you
You searching for answers I do not know nothing (woo!)
I see em tweaking they know something coming (woo!)
Jumpman, Jumpman, Jumpman, them boys up to something (woo!)
Jumpman, Jumpman, Jumpman, fuck was you expecting? (woo!)
Chi-town chi-town Michael Jordan just said text me (woo!)
Jumpman, Jumpman, Jumpman
Jumpman, Jumpman, Jumpman
I just seen the jet take off they up to something
Them boys just not bluffing them boys just not bluffing
Jumpman, Jumpman, Jumpman, them boys up to something
She was trying join the team I told her wait
Chicken wings and fries we don't go on dates
Nobu Nobu Nobu Nobu Nobu nobu
I just throwed a private dinner in LA
Trapping is a hobby thats the way for me
Man they coming fast they never getting sleep
I, I just had to buy another safe
Bentley Spurs and Phantoms Jordan Fadeaway
Yeah
Jumpman, Jumpman, I don't need no introduction
Jumpman, Jumpman, Metro Boomin on production, wow
Hundred cousins out in Memphis they so country, wow
Tell her stay the night, valet your car, come fuck me now
Jumpman, Jumpman, live on TNT I'm flexing (ooh!)
Jumpman, Jumpman they gave me my own collection (ooh!)
Jump when I say jump, girl can you take direction? (Ooh!)
Mutombo with the bitches, you keep getting rejected (woo!)
Heard they came through magic city on a Monday
Heard they had the club wild, it was star studded
A bunch of girls going wild when your chain flooded
And I had em like wow, cup dirty
Dopeman dopeman dopeman dopeman dopeman dopeman
Money on the counter, choppers on the floor
I just caught that tempo, DJ Mustard (woo!)
Way too much codeine and Adderall
We just count up paper racks, woooah
I know I'mma get my bitch back, woooah
I count all these racks that I have on me now I'mma have you like woah
Chanel number 9, Chanel number 5, well you got 'em both
Jumpman, Jumpman, Jumpman them boys up to something
They just spent like two or three weeks out the country
Them boys up to something they just not just bluffing
Jumpman, Jumpman, Jumpman
Them boys up to something
[Intro]
Yeah, that's about it
This shit sound like what being rich feel like
Fo real
This life shit, is everywhere you can't control it
Too much going on
Too much, too much, too much, too much
Too much, too much
You, you, you
Baby wanna take it down, throw it up
Baby wanna take it down, throw it up
I'll take it down
[Hook 1]
Why you never come to where I stay?
Always hiding out in your New York condo
Why you never come to where I stay?
If anybody knows, girl you know, I know
Why are we wasting our relationship on a relationship?
Why are we rushing and forcing it, this isn't making sense
Why are we focused on things that don't even mean nothing, girl
We can we not find the time and sit down and discuss it, girl
Let me at least show you my side of things, man
Aw man, aw man
Aw, man
[Verse]
Me and you are playing house, tart think that I'm losing touch
Got a tight grip on ya now, maybe I should loosen up
When I leave you and I go home, I start forgetting what it is
Start to think I got to get it how I live
We too busy for a wedding or a kid
If I'm working then I know you working
Keep in touch with other women, cuz you make me nervous
I empower girls that don't deserve it
I don't mean to do that shit on purpose
It's just that when I go home, I start forgetting what it is
The dream is over, I just get lost up in the 6
[Hook 2]
And you never come to where stay
You just rather stay up in your New York condo
You don't ever come to where stay
If anybody knows, girl you know, I know
Why are we wasting our relationship on a relationship?
You know how sticky these situation can get
You go up higher than me some days
You know what I think we could be some day
Let me at least show you my side of things, man
Aw man, aw man
Aw man
Yeah
I know we just signed a deal but
I need my advance on the next one too, they know I'mma be around
Yea
I need it
'Cause I got a really big team
And they need some really big rings
They need some really nice things
Better be comin' with no strings
Better be comin' with no strings
We need some really nice things
We need some really big rings
I got a really big team
I got a really big team
They need some really big rings
They need some really nice things
Better be comin' with no strings
Better be comin' with no strings
We need some really nice things
We need some really big rings
I got a really big team
Man what a time
to be alive
You and yours
vs. Me and mine
Are we talkin' teams?
Are we talkin' teams?
Oh you switchin' sides?
Wanna come with me?
Look at the smile on me
look at the owl on me
I do not chase girls
but they run a mile for me
Say she gon' ride for me
I'll buy the tires for you
This game is different, you only get one shot when niggas gon' foul on you
Man fuck 'em all
man we want it all
Don't get too involved
we gon' knock you off
And to top it all
I'm with all the dawgs
It's a new season
and we still breathin'
And I got a really big team
And they need some really big rings
They need some really nice things
Better be comin' with no strings
Better be comin' with no strings
We need some really nice things
We need some really big rings
I got a really big team
I got a really big team
They need some really big rings
They need some really nice things
Better be comin' with no strings
Better be comin' with no strings
We need some really nice things
We need some really big rings
I got a really big team
Man what a time
to be alive
I'm drinkin' lean
they thought I died
I run with kidnappers
I'm talkin' 'bout kidnappers
I'm talkin' 'bout murderin' niggas
I'm talkin' 'bout carjackers
You just a battle rapper
I'm an official trapper
Niggas be droppin' subliminals nigga
they're just some jibber jabber
We take a Mellow Yellow
then fill it with red forever-ever
These niggas is jealous, jealous
Man these niggas is scared, they tellin'-tellin'
I fuck a chick up every day
I bought some ice when the feds came
I bought that big new Celine, I got some rings, I got racks like Serena
All of my rings Aquafina, my bitch Aquafina
Pluto and Jupiter, I go to Venus
Fresh out the store but I'm not out the cleaners
Who keepin' score 'cause these niggas, they losin'
'Cause I got a really big team
And they need some really big rings
They need some really nice things
Better be comin' with no strings
Better be comin' with no strings
We need some really nice things
We need some really big rings
I got a really big team
I got a really big team
They need some really big rings
They need some really nice things
Better be comin' with no strings
Better be comin' with no strings
We need some really nice things
We need some really big rings
I got a really big team
Man what a time
Yeah
You finally start to care
I show up so unprepared
You're ready for something new
I'm still where I was last year
Meanwhile we're talking it out
You keep leaving things at my house
Seems like you're wanting to stay
But you need to know
I'm on a wave, I'm on a ride
I'm everywhere, I'm hard to find
You want a man, I'm just a guy
Busy as fuck, you know what's up
Now got a life, back where I stay
Still pay a car note for this girl, around my way
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
You got the game and the talk
Keep turnin' out how I thought
Kept my feelings on low, all alone
Intuition never ever wrong
So what the hell, mix some vodka with Italian
Carousel, hitting circles I'm a stallion
And I'm a real one nigga, I'm my own med
You looking so damn thirsty, let me throw it back
Baby we are on to something, maybe if we had the time
Used to give my love for nothing
Trust me, I'll be alright
I'm on a wave, I'm on a ride
I'm everywhere, I'm hard to find
You want a girl, I'm on my grind
Busy as fuck, you know what's up
And I got a life, back where I stay
Alicia's still my only girl around my way
Yeah yeah yeah yeah around my way
Yeah I said baby, I'm on it, I'm on it, I'm on it
Baby I'm on it, I'm on it, I'm on a wave
Wave
I said baby, I'm on it, I'm on it, I'm on it
Baby I'm on it, I'm on it, I'm on it, I'm on a wave
I'm on a wave
(shaky worrier)
you know how dat shit go
yh you know how dat shit go
yh you know how dat shit go
I was runnin thru the six wid my woes
yh you know how dat shit go
running thru the six wid my woes
[Intro: Drake]
Live from the Waldorf in Berlin
Coming at you once again
With stories of truth and stories of sin
[Verse 1: Drake]
Yeah, the ball is in your court
No defense, nobody's keeping score
No offense but I've played this before
Maybe you can and you just don't care anymore
Evolving, evolving, evolving, evolving, e-yeah
And I'm right back here when I said I wouldn't
You were never a good girl but you're a better woman now
Evolving, evolving, evolving, evolving
Look, you remind me of Jane Birkin
Your body insane in person
Wanna do special things for you
You deserve it
But you're too famous to buy you purses
That barely scratches the surface
This time is different, you give me purpose
Tell me you taking it serious
I gotta ask how serious?
Cause your serious has just been not that serious
Got me on tour acting like I'm not that curious
Ignoring all the pussy that's thrown at me
Been thinking 'bout home actually
Where Roxx has Kim and Mark has Ashley
And Niks has Easy and I
I don't even know what I have anymore
Evolving, evolving, evolving, evolving
[Verse 2: The Weeknd]
We are not the same I am too reckless
I'm not tryna go in that direction
These niggas they been doing too much flexing
And they're about to call the wrong attention
And I ain't got no patience, no more testing
I do shit how I want, don't need no blessing
XO niggas ain't nothing to mess with
Nobody stopping us, oh no we're destined
And everybody around you is so basic
I'm never rocking white, I'm like a racist
I don't drink my liquor with a chasin'
And money is the only thing I'm chasin'
And some dope dimes on some coke lines
Give me head all night, cum four times
Baby girl just wanna smoke a pound
Do an ounce, get some dick
Tell her friends about it
[Hook: The Weeknd]
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell them what you know, what you seen
How I roll, how I did it on the low
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell them what you know, what you seen
How I roll, how I be off that coke
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell your friends about it
I'm that nigga with the hair
Singing 'bout popping pills, fucking bitches, living life so trill
[Verse 3: The Weeknd]
Last year I did all the politicin'
This year I'm all focused on the vision
I think these hoes deserve another fixing
I'm talking about the ones from the beginning
Don't believe the rumours bitch, I'm still a user
I'm still rocking camo and still roll with shooters
I'm a villain in my city, I just made another killing
I'mma spend it all on bitches
And everybody fuckin, everybody fucking
Pussy on the house, everybody fucking
And I miss my city man it's been a minute
M.I.A. a habit, Cali was the mission
Cruise through the west-end in my new Benz
I'm just tryna live life through a new lens
Driving by the streets I used to walk through
When I had no crib I guess you call that shit a miracle
[Hook: The Weeknd]
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell them what you know, what you seen
How I roll, how I be on the low
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell your friends about it
I'm that nigga with the hair
Singing 'bout popping pills, fucking bitches, living life so trill
[Verse 4: The Weeknd]
My cousin said I made it big and it's unusual
She tried to take a selfie at my Grandma's funeral
Used to roam on Queen, now I sing Queen street anthems
Used to hate attention, now I pull up in that wagon
I was broken, I was broken, I was so broke
I used to roam around the town when I was homeless
Me and Lamar would rob a nigga for his Jordans
And flip it just to get these hoes another nose fix
Now we get faded, when we want girl, we got choices
Lay them on the fucking table, we got choices
And if they wanna fuck my niggas, they got choices
They told me not to fall in love, that shit is pointless
Yeah, that shit is pointless
They told me not to fall in love, that shit is pointless
Yeah, that shit is pointless
It's only meant to fall in love
That shit is pointless
[Hook: The Weeknd]
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell them what you know, what you seen
How I roll, how I be off that coke
Go tell your friends about it (About it)
Go tell your friends about it
I'm that nigga with the hair
Singing 'bout popping pills, fucking bitches, living life so trill
Life so trill
Life so trill
Life so trill
Young nigga preach (young nigga preach)
Preach, preach, preach, preach, preach, preach
Young nigga preach (young nigga preach)
Preach, preach, preach, preach, preach, preach
I'm in Miami
I need to call up Miss Cassidy
My name is party not participation
Sorry for the miscommunication
I need a drink and some Tequila with you
You know what I'm trying to do
Hey let's pop the E off at Liv
I've got some time here to blow
I've got the money to blow
I've got the money and blow
Don't have to guess how I know
Oh it's a secret just for me
I'll keep it you old niggas boring as bones
Put the party tape on
You know what's going on, you know what's going on
She keep it wet like Tsunami
She think she sunk the Titanic
I get her hot like Wasabi
She think it's wavy and gnarly
I think I'ma pop one for you
Drink one for you
Young nigga preach
Preach, preach, preach, preach, preach, preach
Young nigga preach
Preach, preach, preach, preach, preach, preach
Young nigga preach
Preach, preach, preach, preach, preach, preach
Preach, preach, preach, preach
Preach, preach (yeah) preach, preach
Still in Miami (preach)
Most of these girls are too messy
I've got to do some reflecting
I've got to find me one out here that is good at taking direction
I'm convinced that my calls are being recorded
So hit my assistant to get me the message and make the connection like brrr
I'm on my way tonight I hope you not the crazy type yeah
I'm in your state tonight I might just break the bank tonight yeah
Pnd ain't with the ray tay, you know Jay Ray
Got girls her going way way way way way way
Sauga city trip the pay day
Load up off a gate way, man you can't afford me
Doing is one thing
Doing it right is a whole different story
Niggas is all in their feelings these days
All in their feelings these days
But hearing the scripture with that many sixes you should be afraid
Young nigga preach (preach)
Preach, preach, preach, preach, preach, preach
Young nigga preach
Preach, preach, preach, preach, preach, preach
Young nigga preach
Preach, preach, preach, preach, preach, preach
Preach, preach, preach, preach, preach, preach
Preach, preach, preach, preach
Oh
I'm preaching oh
Preaching
Preaching bad
Preaching, whoah
I'mma finally, finally (yeah, yeah)
What's the matter with the clothes I'm wearing?
"Can't you tell that your tie's too wide?"
Maybe I should buy some old tab collars?
"Welcome back to the age of jive.
Where've you been hidin' out lately, honey?
You can't dress trashy till you spend a lot of money."
Everybody's talkin' 'bout the new sound
Funny, but it's still rock and roll to me
What's the matter with the car I'm driving?
"Can't you tell that it's out of style?"
Should I get a set of white wall tires?
"Are you gonna cruise the miracle mile?
Nowadays you can't be too sentimental
Your best bet's a true baby blue Continental."
Hot funk, cool punk, even if it's old junk
It's still rock and roll to me
Oh, it doesn't matter what they say in the papers
'Cause it's always been the same old scene.
There's a new band in town
But you can't get the sound from a story in a magazine...
Aimed at your average teen
How about a pair of pink sidewinders
And a bright orange pair of pants?
"You could really be a Beau Brummel baby
If you just give it half a chance.
Don't waste your money on a new set of speakers,
You get more mileage from a cheap pair of sneakers."
Next phase, new wave, dance craze, anyways
It's still rock and roll to me
What's the matter with the crowd I'm seeing?
"Don't you know that they're out of touch?"
Should I try to be a straight 'A' student?
"If you are then you think too much.
Don't you know about the new fashion honey?
All you need are looks and a whole lotta money."
It's the next phase, new wave, dance craze, anyways
It's still rock and roll to me
Everybody's talkin' 'bout the new sound
Funny, but it's still rock and roll to me
Oh man
Oh man, oh man
Not again
Yeah, I learned the game from William Wesley, you can never check me
Back to back for the niggas that didn't get the message
Back to back like I'm on the cover of Lethal Weapon
Back to back like I'm Jordan '96, '97 whoa
Very important and very pretentious
When I look back I might be mad that I gave this attention
Yeah, but it's weighin' heavy on my conscience
Yeah, and fuck, you left the boy no options
I wanna see my niggas go insane
You gon' make me step out of my fuckin' frame
You gon' make me buy bottles for Charlamagne
You gon' make me go out of my fuckin' way
I waited four days, nigga, where y'all at?
I drove here in the Wraith playin' AR-AB
I'm not sure what it was that really made y'all mad
But I guess this is what I gotta do to make y'all rap I mean woah
Can't fool the city, man, they know what's up
Second floor at Tootsies, gettin' shoulder rubs
This for y'all to think that I don't write enough
They just mad 'cause I got the Midas touch
You love her, then you gotta give the world to her
Is that a world tour or your girl's tour?
I know that you gotta be a thug for her
This ain't what she meant when she told you to open up more
Yeah, trigger fingers turn to Twitter fingers
Yeah, you gettin' bodied by a singin' nigga
I'm not the type of nigga that'll type to niggas
And shout-out to all my boss bitches wife-in niggas
Make sure you hit him with the prenup
Then tell that man to ease up
I did another one, I did another one
You still ain't did shit about the other one
I got the drink in me goin' back to back
Yeah, goin' back to back
I got the drink in me goin' back to back
Yeah, I'm goin' back to back
I don't wanna hear about this ever again
Not even when she tell 'em that they better as friends
Not even when you sayin', "Drizzy, tell 'em again"
I been puttin' on a show, it was a sell out event, oh
You need better seatin'
I didn't wanna do it, gave me every reason
The point I'm tryna make is I don't ever need 'em
Seen what you'd do for fame or what you'd do for freedom
Please, check 'em for a wire or a earpiece
Please, please do not let these niggas near me
Please, think before you come for the great one
Please, who's a real nigga and who ain't one?
Please, somebody stop me
I'm talkin' boasy and gwanin wassy
I got the fest in five days and it's my shit
Soon as a nigga hit the stage, they gon'
They gon' ask if I can play this shit back to back
Yeah, they want it back to back
They gon' ask if I can play this shit back to back
I took a break from Views, now it's back to that, nigga
Rock me real slowly
Put a bib on me
I'm just like a baby, drooling over you
The things you do
These days, I'm letting God handle all things above me
The things I can't change are the reasons you love me
Listen you can hear them calling my name
I'm all over the place, I can't sit in one place
I'm not ashamed at all
Still findin' myself, let alone a soulmate, I'm just sayin'
Feel like we one and the same, our relationship changed
That or it never existed
Whenever they say somethin' bout us, you listen
But fuck what they talkin' about on your timeline
That's cuttin' all into my time with you
Fuck what they talkin' about on your timeline
That's cuttin' all into my time with you
Rock me real slowly
Put a bib on me
I'm just like a baby, drooling over you
The things you do
She said you're my everything
I love you through everything
I done did everything to her
She forgave me for everything, this a forever thing
Hate that I treated like it's a whatever thing
Trust me girl, this shit is everything to me
She from the Jungle, she from the Jungle
I take somebody elses car, drive it undercover
This shit is everything to me, this shit is everything
Don't know where we stand, I used to hit you bout everything
Are we still good? Are we still good?
If I need to talk are you around?
Are you down for the cause?
Are you down? Are you down? Are you down?
Are you down for the cause? Are you down?
You still down? You still down? You still down?
Rock me real slowly
Put a bib on me
I'm just like a baby, drooling over you
The things you do
These days these new girls got me nervous
They go to school and do bottle service
They can't decide, they keep switching majors
Being indecisive makes me anxious
Call your number and it's out of service
Who can I call for your information?
What am I supposed to do after we done everything that we done
Who is your replacement?
Are we still good? Are we still good?
If anybody know
I know
Yeah
Get a plastic bag
Go ahead and pick up all the cash
Go ahead and pick up all the cash
You danced all night, girl, you deserve it
Get a plastic bag
Go ahead and pick up all the cash
Go ahead and pick up all the cash
You danced all night, girl, you deserve it
Oh yeah, Magic city on a Monday
Esco treat that shit like church on Sunday
Niggas look at us like 'maybe one day'
Maybe one day, maybe one day
But for now a nigga got the ones with me
I be in the club with the bands
Like I got the keyboard and the drums with me
Maybe one day, maybe one day
You will understand how I get it though
Man, it's everything I ever said it is
Mixing liquor, 'course with the sedatives
I roll up with the bands on me
This a good night to dance on me
This a good night to dance on me
This a good night to dance on me, oh
Get a plastic bag
Go ahead and pick up all the cash
Go ahead and pick up all the cash
You danced all night, girl, you deserve it
Get a plastic bag
Go ahead and pick up all the cash
Go ahead and pick up all the cash
You danced all night, girl, you deserve it
Yeah, last time they seen this shit it was BMF
I know Big Meech and J-Bo, they was there
I know OG Indiana and Shuge were there
Oh yeah, oh yeah
Bust it out the wrapper, blow it in the air
Oh yeah, oh yeah
Throw enough money on a Monday than you make in a year
Oh yeah, order 60,000 ones
Told the owner 'bout to break a record
Hit the parking lot, it's looking like a video
Bunch of pretty hoes, house of Diddy hoes
Whole lot of Xans and we pass them around the table
Magic City on a Monday
We worship this like a Sunday
Oh yeah
Get a plastic bag
Go ahead and pick up all the cash
Go ahead and pick up all the cash
You danced all night, girl, you deserve it
Get a plastic bag
Go ahead and pick up all the cash
Go ahead and pick up all the cash
You danced all night, girl, you deserve it
Get a plastic bag
Go ahead and pick up all the cash
Go ahead and pick up all the cash
You danced all night, girl, you deserve it
Get a plastic bag
Go ahead and pick up all the cash
Go ahead and pick up all the cash
You danced all night, girl, you deserve it
Get a plastic bag
Go ahead and pick up all the cash
Go ahead and pick up all this cash
You danced all night, girl, you deserve it
Get a plastic bag
Go ahead get a plastic bag
Go ahead and pick up all this cash
You danced all night, girl, you deserve it
You used to call me on my, you used to, you used to
You used to call me on my cell phone
Late night when you need my love
Call me on my cell phone
Late night when you need my love
I know when that hotline bling
That can only mean one thing
I know when that hotline bling
That can only mean one thing
Ever since I left the city you
Got a reputation for yourself now
Everybody knows and I feel left out
Girl you got me down, you got me stressed out
Cause ever since I left the city, you
Started wearing less and goin' out more
Glasses of champagne out on the dance floor
Hangin' with some girls I've never seen before
You used to call me on my cell phone
Late night when you need my love
Call me on my cell phone
Late night when you need my love
I know when that hotline bling
That can only mean one thing
I know when that hotline bling
That can only mean one thing
Ever since I left the city, you, you, you
You and me we just don't get along
You make me feel like I did you wrong
Going places where you don't belong
Ever since I left the city, you
You got exactly what you asked for
Running out of pages in your passport
Hanging with some girls I've never seen before
You used to call me on my cell phone
Late night when you need my love
Call me on my cell phone
Late night when you need my love
I know when that hotline bling
That can only mean one thing
I know when that hotline bling
That can only mean one thing
These days, all I do is
Wonder if you bendin' over backwards for someone else
Wonder if your rollin' backwoods for someone else
Doing things I taught you gettin' nasty for someone else
You don't need no one else
You don't need nobody else, no
Why you never alone
Why you always touching road
Used to always stay at home, be a good girl
You was in the zone
You should just be yourself
Right now, you're someone else
You used to call me on my cell phone
Late night when you need my love
Call me on my cell phone
Late night when you need my love
I know when that hotline bling
That can only mean one thing
I know when that hotline bling
That can only mean one thing
Ever since I left the city
Yeah, oh you gotta love it
Oh you got, oh you gotta love it
I heard what circulated, let's get to the bottom of it
I told 1da send me something and I got it covered
Somehow always rise above it
Why you think I got my head in the clouds on my last album cover?
The game is all mine and I'm mighty possessive
Lil Wayne could not have found him a better successor
Every shot you see them take at me? They all contested
Allen Iverson shoe deal, these niggas all in question
Last night I went to sleep, wanted more
Tried to decide what direction I should go towards
Some nights I wish I could go back in life
Not to change shit, just to feel a couple things twice
28 at midnight, wonder what's next for me
Longevity, wonder how long they'll check for me
Prolly forever if I stay in my zone
I speak on this generation but can't change it alone
I heard a lil lil homie talking reckless in Vibe
Quite a platform you chose, you shoulda kept it inside
Oh you tried, it's so childish calling my name on the world stage
You need to act your age and not your girl's age
It gets worse by the annual my career's like a how to manual
So I guess it's understandable man
Oh you gotta love it, you gotta love it cheer
I know rappers that call Paparazzi to come and get 'em
To show they outfits off, guess they need the attention
I remember when it used to be music that did it
But then again times have changed man, who are we kiddin'?
I'm managed by my friends that I grew up with
I'd rather give that 15% to people I fuck with
If me and Future hadn't made it with this rappin'
We prolly be out in Silicon tryna get our billions on
But here we are, yeah
Lately I feel the haters eatin' away at my confidence
They scream out my failures and whisper my accomplishments
Bitches alter my message like we have words
And stories bout my life hit the net like a bad serve
Bitter women I'm overtextin' are PMSing crazy this year
Fuckin' with my image
I've been tryna reach to you so I can save 'em this year
Fuck it I guess I gotta wait til next year
And I heard someone say something that stuck with me a lot
Bout how we need protection from those protectin' the block
Nobody lookin' out for nobody
Maybe we should try and help somebody or be somebody
Instead of bein' somebody that makes the news
So everybody can tweet about it
And then they start to RIP about it
And four weeks later nobody even speaks about it
Damn, I just had to say my piece about it
Oh you gotta love it
But they scared of the truth so back to me showin' out in public
That's a hotter subject
I've been whippin' Mercedes and nigga try to budget
I gotta make it back to Memphis to check on my cousins
Shout out to Ashley, Biama, Julia, Ericka, Southern America
Part of my heritage, pardon my arrogance, part in my hair again
That's that comeback flow, comeback flow
Once I start it's apparent
I wanted a girl whose ass is so big that's partly embarrassin'
But fuck all the blushin' and fuck your discussions
And fuck all the judgement
Your content so aggressive lately, what's irkin' you?
Shit is gettin' so personal in your verses too
I wanna prove that I'm number one over all these niggas
Bein' number two is just being the first to lose
My city dictated music, nobody seein' us
Winter here already but somehow I'm heatin' up
Been observin' the game and felt like I've seen enough
Let's drop a tape on these niggas then we'll see what's up
Yea, boy you rappin' like you seen it all
You rappin' like the throne should be the three of ya'll
"Best I Ever Had" seems like a decade ago
Decadent flow and I still got a decade to go
Oh please, take at ease, where's the love and the peace
Why you rappin' like you come from the streets?
I got a backyard where money seems to come from the trees
And I'm never ever scared to get some blood on my leaves
Phantom slidin' like the shit just hit a puddle of grease
I cook the beef well done on the double with cheese
Special order for anybody that's comin' for me
Shit you probably flinch if somebody sneeze
You see they got me back like it's just 40, Oli, and me
Cuttin' all loose ends, I be the barber for free
I'm almost at four minutes going off on the beat
Feel like I'm in the Malibu that had the cloth on the seats
Man, oh you gotta love it
And on top of that it's getting harder to eat
Rappers downgrading houses
Putting cars on the lease
To think labels said they had a problem marketing me
And now it's everybody else that's getting hard to believe
I wake up on a daily basis
I count this money up, I'm already rich
I go so hard with these riches
I fell in love as a dodie
I fell in love with the Rollie
I wake up, pray every morning
These demons, they callin' my soul
I said fuck all of you hoes
I'm ballin' outta control
I'm ballin' outta control
If I can give everything back to you
All this passion I got, all I ever needed
For me to move on and succeed
For me to move on and succeed
Jealousy, envy and greed
Too much of that shit I don't need it
I turned on the gas with a nickle plated
I sit back and laugh 'cause these niggas traitors
Mentally, none of this shit can phase me
Mentally, none of this shit can phase me
I came out of trenches, I really made it
I come out the gutter, I really made it
I stack up the butter, I gotta save it
Stack up the cheddar, you gotta save it
Shoot out the car with no lovey dovey
These bitches, they lookin' for hubbie hubbie
I'm lookin' for paper in any city
I got a bitch located in every city
Gotta have 'em sticks on us in every city
Take the private, it's ugly out here we gettin' it
Spent like seven hundred thousand on both the Bentleys
I got love for the city, I juug and get it
I wake up on a daily basis
I count the money, man I'm already rich
I go so hard with these riches
I fell in love with the dodie
I fell in love with the Rollie
Wake up and pray every morning
Demons, they callin' my soul
I said fuck all of you hoes
I'm ballin' outta control, I'm ballin' outta control
I'm ballin' outta control, I'm ballin' outta control
I need acknowledgement, If I got it then tell me I got it then
I'm ballin' outta control, keep on receiving the scholarships
Mail comin' to the house, nigga please, watch your mouth
I'm the one without a doubt, yeah
And I rock Kentucky blue on these hoes
Drafted, I'm gettin' choose by these hoes
Usually they just leave when we done
I don't wanna share no room with these hoes
Metro gon' make it boom on these hoes
And me, I just stick and move on these hoes
We got that purple rain for the pain
My niggas, we ain't change, we ain't change
I wake up on a daily basis
I count this money up, I'm already rich
I go so hard with these riches
I fell in love as a dodie
I fell in love with the Rollie
I wake up pray every morning
These demons, they callin' my soul
I said fuck all of you hoes
I'm ballin' outta control, I'm ballin' outta control
I'm ballin' outta control, I'm ballin' outta control
I'm so sorry
Did you hope I was crying?
It was rough without you
It was rough without you
I did some charity today for the kids
But I'm used to it 'cause all y'all charity cases
All y'all stare in my face in hopes you could be the replacement
Niggas is snitching on us without no interrogation
I stay silent 'cause we at war and I'm very patient
Six God is watching, I just hope you're prepared to face him
I'm charged up
I'm charged up
Wow, I'm honored that you think this is staged
I'm flattered man, in fact, I'm amazed
The perfect start to the summer, man this shit is a doozy
This shit a twist in the movie but don't jump to conclusions
You boys are getting into your feelings on me
You should embrace it, this could be one of our realest moments
Okay the flow start to feel familiar, don't it?
Must I remind you that Jimmy got twenty million on it
Need DJ Clue to drop a bomb on it
None of them want this shit more than I want it
I seen it all coming, knew they would push a button
Easter egg hunting, they gotta look for something
Done doing favors for people
'Cause it ain't like I need the money I make off a feature
I see you niggas having trouble going gold
Turning into some so and so's that no one knows
But so it go
Come live all your dreams out at OVO
We gon' make sure you get your bread and you know the ropes
I get a ring and I bring it home like I'm Corey Joe
No woman ever had me star struck
Or was able to tell me to get my bars up
I'm charged up
Oh no we eating, niggas ain't about to starve us
Nah, niggas ain't about to starve us
I'm charged up
I bought my niggas rollies off of Thank Me Later
While these boys was stanky legging
Trust me this information is vital
I'm trying to take the high road
I still got love for my idols
I got me a deal with Apple and I still feel entitled
Rumor has it, there's something that only I know
Rumor has it, I steer the ship with my eyes closed
Rumor has it, I either fucked her or never could
But rumor has it, hasn't done you niggas any good
It's sound, sound, sound 'til the day I die
We going live to keep this shit alive
Cops are killing people with they arms up
And your main focus is tryna harm us?
And you think you 'bout to starve us?
Niggas ain't about to starve us
Nah, I'm charged up
That's what they doin' Cameron,
They actin' like these singers, man.
I ain't goin' to the studio until I got a situation.
A subject, I need a beat, I need the producer.
Who gonna be on the hook? Man what is you doin'?
Go in the studio with fuckin' clips, clips, ammo!
Brand new Beretta, can't wait to let it go
Walk up in my label like, where the check though?
Yeah, I said it, wouldn't dap you with the left ho
Shut the fuck up, text from a centerfold, I ain't reply
Let her know I read it though
Voicemail say she ready though
Niggas know I'm credible
Ain't no pussy on a pedestal
Got my foot on the 'cedes Benz pedal
Doin' 90 on the bridge like, nigga you already know
And if you don't know, then now you know, now you know
Switchin' up the angles
Now I'm in the Rolls with illuminated angel
Four or five chains made of gold gettin' tangled
My nigga Biz said "The first mill gon' change you"
Change for the better, hit it then dead her
That's my vendetta, keep this shit together
Goddamn, we ain't even gotta scam
Cocaine Coupe, we ain't even got a scale
Used to flip apps, now that old plug murked
Ain't a damn thing changed, you can still get the work, ay
Just hold on one moment and someone will be right with you
We're sorry, you have reached a number
That has been disconnected or is no longer in service
Yeah
I remember how I went to Louis V with Haf'
Watched them spread ten thousand dollars on the glass
I never ever thought I'd see that in my life
Now I'm in the East 'cause my boys are gettin' right, man
I was on TV makin' fifty racks a year
After helpin' mama out the shit would disappear
I am not a man, I can't do this on my own
So I started askin' them if they would put me on
And they did put me on, yeah
They did put me on
Now we in the basement and we workin' on the phone
Now we in the basement and we workin' on the phone, line
Line blowin' up
Workin' on the phones
Now we in the basement and we workin' on the phones
But I just couldn't do it, had to leave that shit alone, man
Blowin' up
Line blowin' up, they need the whole thing
Blowin' up
My niggas really need the whole thing yeah yeah
Blowin' up
Line blowin' up, they need the whole thing
Blowin' up
My niggas really need the whole thing yeah yeah yeah
I do better with the rider in my system
Oh yeah, I'm on deck when you call me I'll listen
I listen unless I been mixin'
You know when I'm mixin'
You know when I'm mixin', I smoke when I drink, it's tradition
Like Zoe mama I go hippy
Peace sign in the air like I'm Nixon
I'm mixin', I am not Esco but it was written
I knew when they didn't, I been had these visions
Of the life I'm livin' since I was Jimmy
All I just had to do was go and get it
And now we blowin' up
Blowin' up, they need the whole thing
Blowin' up, yeah
My niggas really need the whole thing yeah yeah yeah
[Drake]
In the 6 in the summer, that ass, girl I wanna
Girl I know you wanna, you know I wanna
Yeah, she keep giving me looks
Yeah, Girl I know you wanna
She's a spice, ride pipe like bike, like Yokohama
She heard the ting bend like banana
So she wanna give the adunana-ne
She say I'm a sweeterman
But she say that she don't need a man
I say why don't we make an agreement then
We can just fuck while we're being friends
Girl I know you wanna
You know I wanna
Girl I know you wanna
You know I wanna
Shawty too fly though, that's all I know
She don't sing songs, but if I go strong she gon' hit this high note
She know she working with the nana
And she wanna give me the adunana-ne
She say I'm a sweeterman
But she say that she don't need a man
What if we make an agreement then
We can just fuck while we're being friends
Girl I know you wanna
I know you wanna
Girl I know you wanna
I know you want to girl
Ride the pipe like a bike, oh
Do the things you know I like, oh
I'm the man in my end zone
You're the one, let's not pretend
Cause the pussy too good, drink too strong
Yiy too change, I'm too sprung, I, I, I
The pussy too good, drink too strong
Yiy too change, I'm so gone, I, I, I
Girl I know you wanna
I know you wanna
Girl I know you wanna
I know you want to girl
Girl I know you wanna
I know you want to girl
Girl I know you wanna, I, I, I
She keep giving me looks
She keep giving me looks
I need you right here beside me
If you oblige me, I'll hang it up and never come out of retirement
You should just sleep on it, you shouldn't doubt me
It would be different without me
What is it without me
Don't go do nothing without me
This is a blessing, mashallah, wallahi
I swear my life story's better than stories they telling about me
They got it twisted
Ride the pipe like a bike, make sure you're going the distance
And if he wasn't with it, then why were you with him?
Maybe you just had to realize
That knowing the difference can make all the difference
She wanna ride me the adanunana
Yeah she keep giving me looks
I got some shit for you to come and get
I'm at the St. Regis up on Briar Oaks
Hit me when you done your shift
I see you doin' well, baby
Oh you pullin' shit together, I can tell, baby
Is you single or what?
I need a girl from the country
I need a girl from Kentucky
I need a shawty from Houston
I need a girl who gon' love me
I need a girl who gon' trust me
Someone to fuck me
Someone to make me feel lucky
Someone that's so proud to be with me
She walk right up to her ex, look him dead in the face
And say, "You ain't got the juice like that
You ain't got the juice like that"
That's cold, ice cold, girl you ain't have to do him like that
Why you had to do him like that?
Gotta come through quick, quick
Oh you at the club? Cashin' out with everything
Hit me when you done your shift
I know a girl I should propose to, but we just on some different shit
She on some up at 9AM already cookin' in the kitchen shit
And lately we've been fightin' on some, "why-you-love-the-strippin-shit"
Yeah, she workin' with the spatula, I know she love flippin' shit
All, on me
I don't deserve it
She's just a little too perfect
She's just a little too worth it
I don't deserve her at all, no not at all
I only text her, man I never call
I'm still a canine at heart, I'm a dog
Yeah, that's why you gotta come through quick, quick
I'm posted at the Derek up on Westheimer, hit me when you're done your shift
I need some company
I need you to take my mind off being in my prime
Some company
I'm on a Mo City trip, I'm on a Mo City trip right now
A Mo City trip right now
Mo City trip, Mo City trip right now
It's a couple faces in here that a nigga piped down
So let's go find a place that we can sip right now
Tour 'round the city, it's the shit right now
It's kinda lit right now that you're here right now
Pop a couple percs let's get it in right now
Saturday nights, off in my bed right now
Call up your girl and put them heels on
It's gettin' rowdy, rowdy right now
I'm on a Mo City trip
I'm a dog
I'ma dog, I'm in heat baby, heat baby
I'm a dog
I go ham, I'm a hog
Bitch so bad, coulda thought I owed her somethin'
By the way I broke her off
What she get in to, when we take it off
Drink so long, for a year I didn't cough
Fantasizin' and fistin' and switchin' up positions
Do you mind if we just menage just a little?
Yeah, when you get to where I'm at
You gotta remind 'em where the fuck you at
Every time they talkin' it's behind your back
Gotta learn to line 'em up and then attack
They gon' say your name on them airwaves
They gon' hit you up right after like it's only rap
Jewels look like I found a motherfuckin' treasure map
And ain't told no one where the fuck it's at
Shout out to the G's from the ends
We don't love no girls from the ends
I'm gon hit 'em with the wham once again
I'mma always end up as a man in the end, dog
It's just apparent every year
Only see the truth when I'm staring in the mirror
Lookin' at myself like, there it is there
Yeah, like there it is there man, hoo
I ain't tryna chance it
I be with the bands like a nigga went to Jackson State
Or Grambling
Young Nick Cannon with the snare drum, dancin'
Watch the way I handle it, uh
Bring it to the bedroom, you know that shit is candle lit
She know I'm the man with it, uh
With the bands like I must've went to Clark, went to Hampton
I ain't playin' with it
I ain't felt the pressure in a little while
It's gonna take some getting used to
Floatin' all through the city with the windows down
Puttin' on like I used to
They never told me when you get the crown
It's gon' take some getting used to
New friends all in their old feelings now
They don't love you like they used to man
Way more gully gully than buddy buddy
Never needed your acceptance, never needed nothin'
You don't understand, I'm the only one to hear from
You don't understand that it's me or nothin'
Yea, I'm fuckin' glowin' up
Shaq postin' up on niggas that I used to have posters of
Real quick man, you couldn't have hated that
Let's be real nigga, you couldn't have made it that
Wooh, dance our dance, watch me dance
You're fuckin' with the best man, I'm too advanced
After this drop I got new demands
Can't meet the terms, keep it movin' then
Make sure the plane got a phone now
So when we bout to land I can call to tell the wolves I'm home now
I'll tell 'em link up at the valley at the Hazy
Think I had the shit that had the city going crazy
I ain't felt the pressure in a little while
It's gonna take some getting used to
Floatin' all through the city with the windows down
Puttin' on like I used to
They never told me when you get the crown
It's gon' take some getting used to
New friends all in their old feelings now
They don't love you like they used to man
When you get to where the fuck I'm at
You gotta remind 'em about where you been
About all of the money that done came and went
About the two cents I ain't never spent
When they say you're too famous to pack a gat
I gotta remind 'em about where I'm from
Not about where I'm going, about where I've gone
Stepping on a Swisher roach like a stepping stone
Goin' at a nigga throat like a herringbone
Boy do I smell beef? Mmmm pheromones
Got a fuckin' halo over my devil horns
Trap pumpin' all night like Chevron
Suck a nigga dick for a iPhone 6
Fuck my nigga Terry for a new Blackberry
You can get buried for a ounce of Katy Perry
I was only five but still remember the drought in '87
Lord tell 'em bitches I ain't got no times to play games with 'em
I ain't got no time
Tell her that I love her and I hate her in the same sentence
I'm fuckin' her mind
I got, mind control over Deebo
Parmesan my panino
Promethazine over Pinot
And when my bloods start shootin' that's B-roll bitch
I ain't felt the pressure in a little while
It's gonna take some getting used to
Floatin' all through the city with the windows down
Puttin' on like I used to
They never told me when you get the crown
It's gon' take some getting used to
New friends all in their old feelings now
They don't love you like they used to man
[Drake]
Dealing with these niggas, man, it take a lot
Been said fuck a chaser, when we taking shots
Look man, I said you don't want that three peat
Breathe through, ride through
Damn, girl, oh man, I don't know
Pilled up, filled up
Damn, girl, I'll be gettin' back to you for sure
Laced up, dripped up, sauced up
Damn, girl, I wanna ride with you
Waved up, goin' up, glowin' up, growin' up
Had to get it poppin' with you
What if I pick you up from your house?
We should get out
We haven't talked in a while, we should roll
To see where it goes
I saw potential in you from the go
You know that I did
I don't know if you know, but I know who you are
You could be big as Madonna
Just get in the car and then let's touch the road
Don't make other plans
Say you get up early, you work for the man
Well, he'll understand
Pull up, I'm pullin' up on you in ten
Already on ten
Big as Madonna, I'll say it again
Soon as you get in, oh no no no
Breathe through, ride through
Damn, girl, oh man, I don't know
Pilled up, filled up
Damn, girl, I'll be gettin' back to you for sure, man man
Laced up, dripped up, sauced up
Damn, girl, I wanna ride with you
Waved up, goin' up, glowin' up, growin' up
Had to get it poppin' with you
You used to call me on my, you used to, you used to
You used to call me on my cell phone
Late night when you need my love
Call me on my cell phone
Late night when you need my love
I know when that hotline bling
That can only mean one thing
I know when that hotline bling
That can only mean one thing
Ever since I left the city you
Got a reputation for yourself now
Everybody knows and I feel left out
Girl you got me down, you got me stressed out
Cause ever since I left the city, you
Started wearing less and goin' out more
Glasses of champagne out on the dance floor
Hangin' with some girls I've never seen before
You used to call me on my cell phone
Late night when you need my love
Call me on my cell phone
Late night when you need my love
I know when that hotline bling
That can only mean one thing
I know when that hotline bling
That can only mean one thing
Ever since I left the city, you, you, you
You and me we just don't get along
You make me feel like I did you wrong
Going places where you don't belong
Ever since I left the city, you
You got exactly what you asked for
Running out of pages in your passport
Hanging with some girls I've never seen before
You used to call me on my cell phone
Late night when you need my love
Call me on my cell phone
Late night when you need my love
I know when that hotline bling
That can only mean one thing
I know when that hotline bling
That can only mean one thing
These days, all I do is
Wonder if you bendin' over backwards for someone else
Wonder if your rollin' backwoods for someone else
Doing things I taught you gettin' nasty for someone else
You don't need no one else
You don't need nobody else, no
Why you never alone
Why you always touching road
Used to always stay at home, be a good girl
You was in the zone
You should just be yourself
Right now, you're someone else
You used to call me on my cell phone
Late night when you need my love
Call me on my cell phone
Late night when you need my love
I know when that hotline bling
That can only mean one thing
I know when that hotline bling
That can only mean one thing
Ever since I left the city
Yeah, know how nights like this go
Ovofbg
60 Naked bitches, no exaggeration
We bought all the bottles, had to change locations
Smashing all the models, now we hit the waitresses
When you gettin' a lot of money you can't ever save it
But tonight, me and my friends we got money to spend
Me and my friends we got money to spend
Me and my friends, me and my friends we got money to spend
Me and my friends we got money to spend
Me and my friends, me and my friends we got money to spend
This adderall got me to the ceiling
I think them percocets had me in my feelings
I peel them hundreds on hundreds
I get money on money
I get guala on guala
I get dollars on dollars then throw out them dollars them bitches gonna holla
I got more style than stylists
I like that money is money is piling
I see that money just piling
I see it's piling and piling and piling
And piling and piling and piling
We do them favors, them bitches do cater
We go fuck models then fuck go fuck neighbors
Fuck all the strippers then we go fuck waitresses, yeah
60 Naked bitches, no exaggeration
We bought all the bottles, had to change locations
Smashing all the models, now we hit the waitresses
When you gettin' a lot of money you can't ever save it
But tonight, me and my friends we got money to spend
Me and my friends we got money to spend
Me and my friends, me and my friends we got money to spend
Me and my friends we got money to spend
Me and my friends, me and my friends we got money to spend
2 In the morning my mind is on you
4 In the morning it still hasn't moved
Hit me to tell me you get off at 10
Come here, I make sure you get off again
Roxx got a case but they get off again
Fuck all the opps and the shots that they send
I let off first then I let off again
You may not hear from them ever again
Me and my friends we got money to spend
Reps Up, you know there a hundred of them
Fbgovo, hundred percent
Don't ask no shit when it come to my set
Don't ask no shit when it come to my set
Fbgovo, hundred percent, yeah
6 Summers straight and I run it again
60 Naked bitches, no exaggeration
We bought all the bottles, had to change locations
Smashing all the models, now we hit the waitresses
When you gettin' a lot of money you can't ever save it
But tonight, me and my friends we got money to spend
Me and my friends we got money to spend
Me and my friends, me and my friends we got money to spend
Me and my friends we got money to spend
Me and my friends, me and my friends we got money to spend
60 Naked bitches sitting, no exaggeration
We bought all the bottles, had to change locations
Take it to the head baby, penetration
Money not a problem, you can finger trace it
Drinking on the syrup, taking medications
After this club we just change locations
After this club we just change locations
We don't take it in, we just change locations
We don't take it in, we just change locations
Having conversations with mama, man my life is a mess
Ain't been returning the texts, so she been reading the press
She got Google Alerts, them shits go straight to her phone
She worry bout me from home, you know she raised me alone
She said "I heard you back with you know who
I told her "Girl I'm always back with you know who"
And she like "Who are we kidding
You're 27 you just being you
You're your father's child, man thank God you got some me in you"
At least I always, at least I always see it through
At least I'm always being true to what you taught me
Retired teacher but your words still got me evolving
Never get sloppy drunk, but alcohol is problem solving
And look I hate it when you hate on all my girlfriends
And assistants always convinced that there's always someone better
Like that girl from that gym who trains you
I know you wanna arrange it, you told me she's free Thursday
And I'm sure that she's a angel but she don't want this life
The timing ain't right
Maybe one day but even one day with us is a time of a life
We do things that people pay to document
You got the sweetest heart but I'm not here to give out compliments, or boost nobody confidence momma
I got no friends in this momma
I don't pretend with this momma
I'on joke with this momma
I pull the knife out my back and cut they throat with it momma
I'm "Game of Thrones" with it momma
I'm " Home Alone" with it momma
I'm t-
I really hate using this tone with you momma
I really hate getting aggressive on this phone with you momma
I really hate wasting your time to check a clone or two momma
It's just they cloning me momma
Them niggas wannabes momma
Its like - I'm the one they wanna be momma
I just- I- I can't be out here being vulnerable momma
I mean I kill em every time they do a song with me momma
I sing a hook they sing along with me momma
What more they want from me momma?
Yeah, this is a crazy life
But you and the six raised me right
"Don't ever take advice," that was great advice
You and the six raised me right, that shit saved my life
Having conversations with momma, we start talkin' bout dad
You know he dropping a single, he saying this is his window
That nigga still wearing linen, that nigga still in the club
Call him after we get off the phone and show him some love
That nigga Memphis for real, girl he love you to death
He made mistakes throughout his life that he still doesn't accept
But he just want our forgiveness, and fuck it look how we living
I'm content with this story, who are we not to forgive him?
At least I been to a prison, at least I know what it's like
I used to rap on the phone, one of his friends doing life
And now I got me a Grammy, that could be part of the reason
Let's just call this shit even, we got some things to believe in
Do you remember back to Weston Road, Scarlett Road?
Hangin' with Aaron Bell and Reny shit could've gone south for me he looked out for me ma
He never let me do drugs
He let me shoot a gun one summer but out there everyone does
He made me listen to his music, old music, soul music
Shit that can only be created if you go through it
I used to get teased for being black, and now I'm here and I'm not black enough
Cause I'm not acting tough or making stories up bout where I'm actually from
But I just roll with it momma, rolling stone with it momma
Gotta be careful around rolling stones or anyone that's tryna throw stones at me momma
I'm not condoning it momma
They will not tear nothing down I built this home for you momma
Know I don't call enough momma
I just been working with so little time for personal momma
Hard labor let me pay the price
You and the six raised me right that shit saved my life
Yeah, this that Oliver 40
Niko shit man, 15 Fort York shit ya know
Boi-1da, what's poppin'?
Yeah, yeah
Runnin' through the 6 with my woes
Countin' money you know how it goes
Pray the real live forever man
Pray the fakes get exposed
I want that Ferrari then I swerve
I want that Bugatti just to hurt
I ain't rockin' my jewelry that's on purpose
Niggas want my spot and don't deserve it
I don't like how serious they take themselves
I've always been me I guess I know myself
Shakiness man I don't have no time for that
My city too turnt up I'll take the fine for that
This been where you find me at
That's been where you find me at
I know a nigga named Johnny Bling
He put me on to the finer things
Had a job sellin' Girbraud jeans
I had a yellow TechnoMarine
Then Kanye dropped, it was polos and backpacks, there
That was when Ethan was pushin' a Subaru hatchback
Man I'm talkin' way before hashtags
I was runnin' through the 6 with my woes
Yeah!
I was runnin' through the 6 with my woes
You know how that shit go
You know how that shit go
You know how that shit go
Runnin' through the 6 with my woes
You know how that shit go
You know how that shit go
You know how that shit go
Don't fuck with them niggas they too irrational woah
This is that nasty flow
Top boy in this shit, I'm so international
Reps up in here got P Reign and Chubby and TJ and Winnie an woah
Yeah, and you know how that shit go
I might declare it a holiday as soon as Baka get back on the road
Yeah but you know how that shit go
They so irrational, they don't wanna patch it up
They wanna mash it up, whoa
My nigga Jibba he whip it I ride in the passenger
I'm way up, I stay up, I'm two up, I'm three up
I had to get back to you, whoa
I'm turnin' into a nigga that thinks about money and women
Like twenty-four seven, that's where my life took me
That's just how shit happened to go
And you know
Runnin' through the 6 with my
With my
I was runnin' through the 6 with my woes
And you know how that shit go
You know how that shit go
You know how that shit go
Runnin' through the 6 with my woes
You know how that shit go
You know how that shit go
You know how that shit go
Runnin' through the 6 with my woes
You know how that shit go
With my woes
Hendrix
(I woke up like this)
Reporting live from the fucking gutter bitch
I ain't talking about some big money shit
I ain't talking nothin' but big money shit
I ain't talking nothin' but big money bitch
Reporting live from the gutter
I'll buy these motherfuckers talking big money shit bitch
Straight up out the gutter, never had shit
Now we got 90210 on our address
Talking 10 mill just to get an asset
I know them tears still falling down on my last bitch
This money made me hungry I'm a savage
I've seen stars lining up you couldn't imagine
I watched my broad give up on me like I'm average
I went back inside the attic count it up and started laughing, ha
I went back inside the attic count it up and started laughing, ha, ha
Cuban links hanging on my wrist I was on welfare
Wake up in the house I look around see bales everywhere
I see girls everywhere, I see scales everywhere
I see hell everywhere, I get mail everywhere
Walked outside Buford County came out in a Learjet
A fiend for that lean I ain't even started drinking beer yet
They bust the trap, I live there
Came out clean, I ain't clean my niggas still there
Just imagine you was living lavish and they still there
Wake up in the crib, pools sitting on the hill now
I just need some niggas with me that gon' keep it real now
Got a lot of pretty bitches I just paid they bills now
Money make 'em feel good, but does she make me feel good
Known for gettin' that guala out in Europe, but I'm still hood
Known to pop a bottle on a motherfucker like I'm on my last damn dollar
Reporting live from the fucking gutter bitch
I ain't talking about some real money shit
I ain't talking nothin' but big money shit
I ain't talking nothin' but big money bitch
Reporting live from the gutter, I will buy this motherfucker
It's not even a discussion (Whoop)
And I got my niggas with me, yeah, yeah
She gon' end up dipping with me, yeah, yeah
And I got her tripping off of yay, yay
Pillow talking dishing out on all y'all
In one ear and out the other
Shut your mouth and take what's coming
Live from the gutter dog, yeah, yeah
She don't want pets but I'm a dog, yeah, yeah
And she love it dog, yeah, yeah
And she love it dog, yeah, yeah
On the Billboards, all we do is pop shit
Soon as night fall, that's when we lock in
This for my niggas on that bullshit and that nonsense
This for my dogs that go Karrueche with the chopsticks
And we gon miss you
They don't wanna smoke, they don't want no issue
But these the times we gotta live through
But these the times we gotta live through
And I'm
Reporting live from the fucking gutter bitch
I ain't talking about some real money shit
Reporting live from the damn gutter
Swear to God I'll buy this motherfucker ah
10 Bands, 50 bands 100 bands, fuck it man
Let's just not even discuss it man O-M-G
Niggas sleep, I ain't trippin' I'ma let 'em sleep
I ain't trippin' let 'em rest in peace
I can tell ya how it happened
I can tell ya bout them safe house nights out in Calabasas
I can tell you not a rapper
Tryna sell these story I don't even open up the package
Who you with? What you claim?
I was paying momma's rent was I turning 17
Sold it dirty like Diana never clean
My ex ask me where I'm moving I said "On to better things" yeah
10 Bands, 50 bands 100 bands, fuck it man
Let's just not even discuss it man O-M-G
Niggas sleep, I ain't trippin' I'ma let 'em sleep
I ain't trippin' let 'em rest in peace
I been in the crib with the phones off
I been at the house taking no calls
I done hit the stride got my shit going
In the six cooking with the wrist motion
Drapes closed I don't know what time it is
I'm still awake I gotta shine this year
I could never ever let the streets down
Haven't left the condo for a week now
10 Bands, 50 bands 100 bands, fuck it man
Let's just not even discuss it man O-M-G
Niggas sleep, I ain't trippin' I'ma let 'em sleep
I ain't trippin' let 'em rest in peace
I been on a mission haven't left the condo
This that OvO that SZN this that new Toronto
I get boxes of free Jordan like I play for North Carolina
How much I make off the deal, how the fuck should I know?
All my watches always timeless you can keep the diamonds
Treating diamonds of Atlanta like it's king of diamonds
Take a flick I look like Meechy look like Bleu DaVinci
I treat V Live like it's 07 in Magic City
Man I told my city I'd be gone till November, then November came
Then I came, right back on my worst behav'
6 God put both hands together that's amazing grace
6 God selfish with the love, I need all the praise
Woo, they got me feeling like the one again
Woo, they got me feeling like the one again
Yeah shout goes out to Nike checks all over me
I need a FuelBand just to see how long the run has been
10 Bands, 50 bands 100 bands, fuck it man
Let's just not even discuss it man O-M-G
Niggas sleep, I ain't trippin' I'ma let 'em sleep
I ain't trippin' let 'em rest in peace
I been in the crib with the phones off
I been at the house taking no calls
I done hit the stride got my shit going
In the six cooking with the wri-wri-wri-wri
Been a minute since we've slept together
Gotta get myself together
I've been thinkin' about everything
I don't know if it's because I'm lonely
Lonely on a Wednesday night
Girl I'm lonely
I'll admit it if you just keep quiet
Girl I'm lonely
That shit ain't my fault girl 'cause I'm lonely
Name another woman
Ain't no other woman that should come for me when I'm lonely
Mix the Remy, little bit of Henny
I'm running on empty, I'm lonely
When I'm lonely, when I'm lonely
Heard you spend your summers in Miami
At somebody's house
That you didn't buy
You're young, yeah, have fun girl, but I hope it was worth it
'Cause fuck it, I'm not here to judge
Fuck it I'm not here to love
Everything you did to ball
Fuck it, I'm just glad you called
Ring ring ring, what a thing
Ring ring ring, school bell I ring
You and I got options bae
But name another woman ain't no other woman
That should come for me when I'm lonely
Mix the Remy, little bit of Henny
I'm running on empty, I'm lonely
When I'm lonely, when I'm lonely
"Look I would have so many friends if I didnt have money, success, and accomplishments
I would have so many friends if I held back the truth and just gave out compliments
I would have all of your fans if I didn't go pop and I stayed on some conscious shit
Man, I would have so many more friends if I lost my respect and my confidence
'Cause Im in the club every time that they play the competition
If they even play the competition, and I see no response they get,
Nobody's even hearing it, on top of the pyramid
Might go to Detroit and disappear again
My circle got so small that its a period saying to myself..
Yall better not come to my studio with that fake shit
Yall better not come to my funeral with that fake shit
All I...All I...All I ever ask is that you keep it 100
Yall better not come to my studio with that fake shit
Yall better not come to my funeral with that fake shit
Your better off realizing there's nothing you can do with me
All I ever ask is you keep it 8 more than 92 with me....100
[Verse]
You've been home for three whole days
Actin' like you got chores to do
Boy this house is way too clean
I don't think there's nothing more to do
Oh, you don't need that girl, she did it all wrong
You was still you before she ever came along
Get over it, get over it
I mean I understand the pain
Someone did me the same
I just put that nigga in his place then I got over it
Then I got over it and if you wanna know the truth
[Pre-Hook]
I think you should just get dressed and go out tonight
Go out tonight
Order you a drink, don't even overthink
Call a couple friends you know you can have some fun with
And go out tonight, go out tonight
Cause you might just meet me
[Hook] (x2)
And I'm lookin' for, and I'm lookin' for
And I'm lookin' for somebody to be with
And I'm lookin' for what you're lookin' for
Yeah, you might just meet me
Lickwood means rewind, a gunshot means forward
You requested it so we rewind
Yeah
Way, way, way up
Turn it all up
Yeah
Look
I got enemies, got a lotta enemies
Got a lotta people tryna drain me of my energy
They tryna take the wave from a nigga
Fuckin' with the kid and pray for your nigga
I got girls in real life tryna fuck up my day
Fuck goin' online that ain't part of my day
I got real shit poppin' with my family too
I got niggas that can never leave Canada too
I got 2 mortgages, thirty million in total
I got niggas that'll still try fuckin' me over
I got rap niggas that I gotta act like I like
But my actin' days are over, fuck them niggas for life, yea
I got enemies, got a lotta enemies
Got a lotta people tryna drain me of this energy
They tryna take the wave from a nigga
Fuckin' with the kid and pray for your nigga
I got people talkin' down, man, like I give a fuck
I bought this one a purse, I bought this one a truck
I bought this one a house, I bought this one a mall
I keep buyin' shit just make sure you keep track of it all
I got bitches askin' me about the code for the wi-fi
So they can talk about they timeline
And show me pictures of they friends
Just to tell me they ain't really friends
Ex-girl she the female version of me
I got strippers in my life, but they virgins to me
I hear everybody talkin' bout what they gonna be
I got high hopes for you niggas, we gon' see
I got money in the courts so all my niggas are free
'Bout to call your ass a Uber, I got somewhere to be
I hear fairy tales 'bout how they gon' run up on me
Well run up when you see me then and we gon' see
I got enemies, got a lotta enemies
Got a lotta people tryna drain me of this energy
Tryna take the wave from a nigga
Fuckin' with the kid and pray for your nigga
Yeah
Yeah
Naw, fuck all of you niggas I ain't finished
Y'all don't wanna hear me say it's a goal
Y'all don't wanna see Wayne win fifty awards
I got real ones livin' past Kennedy Road
I got real ones with me everywhere that I go
I'm tryna tell ya, I got enemies, got a lotta enemies
Every time I see 'em somethin' wrong with they memory
Tryna take the wave from a nigga
So tired of savin' all these niggas, mayne!
Yeah, run up
I got enemies, got a lotta enemies
Got a lotta people tryna drain me of this energy
Tryna take the wave from a nigga
Fuckin' with the kid and pray for your nigga
I'm off this, man
My dope in the bushes
My dope in the bushes
I know how to cook it
My bitch good looking
My bitch good looking
My bitch good looking
My dope in the bushes, I know how to cook it
Yeah, yeah, yeah
I did the digital dash
I fuck your bitch in the passenger
I give the junky a blast
I send that dope to your momma though
Out in the streets like thermometers
You rats will never be honorable
They know I'mma kid of my word
A hustler the first to the first
These bitches be naggin the kid
They get on my motherfucking nerves
I showed her my racks and they love me
I'm smokin' that pack on muddy
Taliban on these hoes
Give a Xan to these hoes
Got em playing with they nose
I sleep on the beach off the avenue
I came to your city with revenue
I put in work it was evident
I slide on your ass in the 7 deuce
Come back on your bitch in a six trey
Chevy, Mercedes I keep 'em comin'
Fuck all these bitches I keep em' comin'
I pull up right now I'm parallel
I hit your block with them swangers
My niggas ain't nothin' but some bangers
I sit in the trap with the gangsters
You don't come around here 'cause it's dangerous
I be hangin' around here and I'm famous
Gotta keep the trigger by my finger
Hit her sideways when I banged her
In the driveway on a perc
I was sideways on a perc
Had a stick on me, that's a first
Got your bitch on me gettin' murked
I post up and that's confident
I boast up in a drop 6
Gotta Ghost Royce and I pop shit
I'm a dope boy with that cock trip
I came in the game I had crack on me
Got big with my bag with some Act on me
I'm single and shit and she lash on me
I told em' I'm back on my bachelor
I get focused on millions and everything
I just took me a trip out to Africa
See how we came from the mud and the bottom, we did it
I see how they countin' this out
Bet they ain't never gonna do it again
You see why these niggas be hatin', ignorin, I'm goin' right in
I was born to get this money in this life of sin
I bought up before they got my dog on murder again
See the fire come out the ass on the Lamborghini
When you say you love a nigga do you really mean it
When I was sleepin' on the floor you shoulda seen how they treat me
I pour the Actavis and pop pills so I can fight the demons
I did the digital dash
I fuck your bitch in the passenger
I give the junky a blast
I send that dope to your momma though
Out in the streets like thermometers
You rats will never be honorable
They know I'mma kid of my word
A hustler the first to the first
These bitches be nagging the kid
Fuck it, it is what it is
if you get hit you get hit
I don't forget or forgive
Told myself never again
I don't let nobody in
Super just showed out again
And we just keep servin' and servin' again and again and again and again
I move the game up, I'm reckless
I'm Harlem shaking through the pressure
I might put Diddy on my next shit
I might could fit you in on a Wednesday
I'm not here for no pretend shit
Just walked in with a girl that's making triple
what I'm making, what an entrance
That's when you know it's a body
Zone 6, they know it's a body
Kirkwood, they know it's a body
Lil' Mexico know it's a body
Scooter in here with the zombies
Gucci get out it's a problem
I might take Quentin to Follies
You hate your life, just be honest
I got the digital dash
She want a picture with all of my niggas
that just made the visual last
But she too embarrassed to ask
I got my foot on their neck and my foot on the gas
You remind me of a quarterback, that shit is all in the past
Esco and Boomin they got it on smash
And I got the, I got the, I got the, I got the, I
I did the digital dash
I fuck the bitch on the passenger
I give the junky a blast
I send that dope to lil' mama though
I'm at a, stage in my life where,
Where I feel like I can conquer anything and everything
Sipping on Dom Prignon for no reason
Popping tags, upper echelon for no reason
Seen this bad little jawn, she was perfect
I'll let her push the foreign right now if she worth it
Balling in the middle of the club, no jersey
I don't want no liquor 'cause I been drinking that dirty
Bring that Ace, bought a case, my niggas with me
Bring some ice for my cup I drink with me
Diamond, diamond, diamond, diamonds on me dancing
Diamond, diamond, diamond, diamonds on me dancing
Diamond, diamond, diamond, diamonds on me dancing
Diamond, diamond, diamond, diamonds on me dancing
And you know what I need from you when I get home
You better not be on the phone
Talking up a storm like you usually do
Talking up your friends like you usually do
Telling them I never spend time with you
It's hard to find a time we been
Sipping on Dom Prignon for no reason
Popping tags, upper echelon for no reason
Seen this bad little jawn, she was perfect
I'll let her push the foreign right now if she worth it
Balling in the middle of the club, no jersey
I don't want no liquor 'cause I been drinking that dirty
Bring that Ace, bought a case, my niggas with me
Bring some ice for my cup I drink with me
Diamond, diamond, diamond, diamonds on me dancing
Diamond, diamond, diamond, diamonds on me dancing
Diamond, diamond, diamond, diamonds on me dancing
Diamond, diamond, diamond, diamonds on me dancing
I'm familiar with this cash flow
And if you juggin' you can vouch for me
I did it my way, you could vouch for me
I put the cocaine in the powder in the couch homie
Whenever I step outside the house I keep that glockie on me
Bad bitches wanna come buy the paparazzi on me
I got so many bad bitches that I barely wanna
I'm barely paying attention, baby I need substance
I know you spend some time putting your makeup and your outfit but
Diamond, diamond, diamond, diamonds on me dancing
Diamond, diamond, diamond, diamonds on me dancing
Diamond, diamond, diamond, diamonds on me dancing
Diamond, diamond, diamond, diamonds on me dancing
You doing me dirty
You doing me dirty
Doing me dirty
You doing me dirty
You know
How we let it get like this I don't know
But that nigga can't save your soul, nah
Doing me dirty, you doing me dirty
Haven't a nigga heard from you
How can you live with yourself
Haven't even heard from you
How can you live with yourself
Ungrateful, ungrateful
Your momma be ashamed of you
I haven't even heard from you, not a single word from you
Ungrateful
I'm too good for you, too good for you
You should go back to a perfect match for you, unstable
Doing me dirty (Dirty, dirty)
You're making me nervous
I haven't even heard from you
You look drained, you look exhausted
Girl them late nights ain't good for you
Really starting to show on you
Don't hit me up when it's good for you
Ungrateful
This here is on some truthful shit
It seems like everything I do, your used to it
And I hate hearing stories bout who you've been with
That's when I gotta hide, what I'm feeling inside
So you still think I'm confident and damn
Is this gonna last? Your up on a pedastool
Are we moving too fast?
Feel like I'm in crazy competition with the past
That's why I gotta ask, is anything I'm doing brand new?
Brand new, brand new, brand new, brand new
Is anything I'm doing brand new?
Brand new, brand new, brand new, brand new, brand new
This here is something personal
Highly doubt this feeling is reversible
Knowledge is pain and that is why it hurts to know
That you attempt to hide, and put mistakes aside
So I don?t ever question you and damn
I can't even find, the perfect brush
So I can paint what's going through my mind
Racing against myself, but I'm a couple steps behind
That's why I gotta ask, is anything I'm doing brand new?
Brand new, brand new, brand new, brand new
Is anything I'm doing brand new?
Brand new, brand new, brand new, brand new
Brand new girl
Is anything I'm doing brand new
Is everything I'm doing too late
Did he take off your clothes off just like this
Did he give you loving just like this
Did you spend the night in his bed on the very first date
Tell me baby am I too late?
[Chorus]
I did it all on my own,
Turned a chair to a throne,
I'm a king in this world,
(Stunt hard)
I put my whole city on,
To some things that they never would've known,
If I didn't,
(Stunt hard)
And every night is a premiere,
If I ever disappear,
Best believe I'm comin' back.
(Stunt hard)
Got rich, went broke, and got rich again,
On that same shit again,
All I ever do is,
(Stunt hard)
(Drake):
I tell her.
I'm getting motherfuckin' busy.
So many spins my records is motherfuckin' dizzy.
Haters wanna turn to their girl and be like, "Who Is He",
But I bet a million she tell you that's motherfuckin' Drizzy.
And I'm focused on my survival.
Keep an eye on the door, focus on my arrival.
Who do you look up to when you're better then your idols.
And how you 'posed to look when you do it with your eyes closed.
I'm everything you just haven't become.
I spend my time trying to outdo what hasn't been done.
Now hopefully let them see,
What they say that I'm gon' be,
And if not our whole future does in the memory of me.
Get your team in order, assembly is key.
And all my niggas shut up at the mention of a plea.
They rather be apprehended and keep quiet then to be,
On the stand jeopardizing every inch of their loyalty.
Pick a lane pick a lane. That's all I ever heard.
But I'm just trying to swerve.
Without hitting the curb.
That's why I spend thousands on bottles so I can pop them.
And take photos wit hater niggas and crop them.
I am not them. I Photoshop them, out.
'Cause they don't understand what I'm about.
Yeah.
The Chris Paul
Of this fall,
Sittin' this tall.
I float high,
Goodbye,
I will miss y'all.
[Chorus]
(Lil' Wayne):
If I don't do nothin', Imma stunt my ass off.
Money sittin' in the pocket, 'bout to get a passoff.
And I smoke that shit that smell like when you take your cast off.
And I got them beach bitches, like David Hasselhoff.
Baby I'm an acrobat. Sweetie, I'm a stunt devil.
You can't get on my level 'cause I am so unleveled.
I'm a young rebel.
And I got a baby face.
I need a young pebbles.
I need a stuntdouble.
Yeah!
Me, Drake and Kid and you know it's trouble.
We got 'em drownin' in the flow, you see 'em blowin' bubbles.
Yeah!
I stick my landin' in a freak drawers.
I'll have her bouncin' back like Dominique Dawes.
Yeah!
But I ain't stuntin' these hoes
I been pimpin' since Hulk Hogan was N.W.O.
Yeah!
I'm wild, Drizzy tough, and the Kid vicious.
The three horseman, we just need Sid Vicious.
Yeah!
I'm on the cup of that tilt.
And if you hatin' on me
I'll say fuck you like wilt.
Yeah!
I'm a wild-erbeast. You're just a wilderbeast.
My two fingers make a gun, shoot and kill ya peace.
Yeah!
Talkin' big big shit.
I am rude,
I take food,
From a kid picnic.
Nigga.
Yeah!
And we can bang like bumper cars.
You know I stunt shit 'cause I write all stunner bars.
Haha.
[Chorus]
(Nutt Da Kid):
I stunt hard. I stunt harder.
Boy they call me Jackie Chan in New Orleans.
I ball hard. So I'm a ball hogger.
And I go hard and I dunk like Vince Carter.
I hustle harder.
I live in the Carter.
I think forward,
All I see is tomorrow.
I need me.
I'll turn your shop into a horror.
So if you trying to see more
Better feed me.
I'm back on my grizzy like Izzy Efeger.
Don't he look like a black grizzly in that black fur.
And the feds will never get me,
Like a backwards,
Password,
Black spur,
Go some like Pacman, cats first.
Vanilla Ice got 'em hangin' over the banister
Ask her,
Am I their man,
Her answer,
Is yes sir.
Shit.
I'm tourin' states on stage,
I played the RTA
'Bout a quarter a day.
Now tell them bitches.
[Chorus]
Me and you so crucial baby
And that champagne so fuchsia baby
I do things that you ain't use to baby
And take you back home to St. Lucia baby
When raindrops hit the tan roof its crazy
That's a metaphor, did I lose ya baby?
When you are wet and covered in sweat
I'll wipe ya ass down like Boosie baby
I love all my feedback
Tell me to give it to ya if you need that
Touch right there, whatever the speeds at
If it's over fast then I promise you will relapse
Forget what you guess that I'm on and who is in your past
I'm refreshing and grown
Just charge that cell that I message you on
And if you lets us girl, I'mma bring the dressing along
You hear that professional tone?
Half of that's ice and the rest is Patron
Show up on time for the class I'm teaching
'Cause guaranteed I'mma bring a lesson along
And you just gotta bring the breastes along
Instead of holding out wondering what it coulda been
I confess this address to you
And I'm the post man looking for a slot I can put it in
With no New York number mom still upstairs
I'm two floors under but my room's sound proof
You so tempted to satisfy your urge so you don't wonder
Yeah
I know I told you before I'll grab that for ya like holding a door
'Cause mines it Polo and yours is Vickie
And they just spread all over the floor like
You feel so good
You smell so good
You feel so warm
Just like I knew you would
Can't let you go
Can't let you go
I can't let you go
You were late to school
I gonna have to see you after class
You've been a bad girl
Some's gonna have to teach you a lesson
You're a bad girl
Someone's gonna have to straighten you up
You've been a bad girl
Someone's gonna have to teach ya
I don't know why they been lying but yo shit is not that inspiring
Bank account statements just look like I'm ready for early retirement
Fuck any nigga that's talkin' that shit just to get a reaction
Fuck going platinum, I looked at my wrist and it's already platinum
I am the kid with the motor mouth
I am the one that you should worry about
I don't know who you're referring to, who is this nigga you heard about?
Someone just talking that bullshit, someone just gave you the run-around
Niggas downplaying the money but that's what you do when the money down
I don't waste time putting money down
I just go straight to who got it and buy it in cash
Pussy so good that you gotta come see me on tour and you gotta fly in first class
This has been years in the making, it's all for the city
You know I come right every summer, Cash Money Records forever
I'm always big timing, bitch, I came up right under Stunna, you know it
Jealousy in the air tonight, I could tell
I will never understand that but oh well
Been ready, it's real, I don't know about you
She just want to smoke and fuck, I said "Girl, that's all that we do"
Okay, now you're talking my language, now you're talking my language
Now you're talking my language, now you're talking my language
Been ready, it's real, I don't know about you
She just want to smoke and fuck, I said "Girl, that's all that we do"
I'm about to roll one and light it and fuck it man, no one's invited
I got to kill off the weak shit that's got all you niggas excited
I can't even listen, you whylin', I'd much rather sit here in silence
I send all my money to banks in the islands and eat with Italians, I do
People are funny you don't even know about the shit that I been through
I just want some head in a comfortable bed, it could all be so simple
Talking that shit with your back to me, just know it always get back to me
Come get your girl, she been here for three days and she way too attached to me
Hate when they get too attached to me
I got to get on the bus and get back on the road
Get what I can out the country and then I just get on the jet and go back to the cold
Can't even drive with the top off
Been workin' so hard on the album I missed the whole summer
I just might bring in some girls from Miami
To heat up the city and that's word to Stunna, you know it
Jealousy in the air tonight, I could tell
I will never understand that but oh well
Been ready, it's real, I don't know about you
She just want to smoke and fuck, I said "Girl, that's all that we do"
Okay, now you're talking my language now you're talking my language
Now you're talking my language, now you're talking my language
Been ready, it's real, I don't know about you
She just want to smoke and fuck, I said "Girl, that's all that we do"
Got the club goin' up
On a Tuesday
Got your girl in the cut and she choosey
Club goin' up
On a Tuesday
Got your girl in the cut and she choosey
Club goin' up
On a Tuesday
Got your girl in the cut and she choosey
Club goin' up
On a Tuesday
Got your girl in the cut and she choosey
Squad goin' up
Nobody flippin' packs now
I just did 3 in a row
Them shows is back-to-back to back now
Put the world on our sound
You know PARTY and The Weeknd
Ain't got no motherfuckin' time
To party on the weekend
Tell Gelo, bring the juice
We about to get lit
Fill the room up with some tings
One night off and this is it
Always workin' OT,
Overtime and out of town
Shit is crazy back home
It kills me that I'm not around
I think we gettin' too deep
Shit I'm talkin' might be too true
Upstairs I got xan's in a Advil
Bottle, I don't take them shits, but you do
So I got 'em for you
I don't need the pills
I'm just gonna' have another drink
And when I'm puttin' work in on a weekend
I'll look back on this and think
How we had the club going up
On a Tuesday
Got your girl in the cut and she choosey
Club goin' up
On a Tuesday
Got your girl in the cut and she choosey
Club goin' up
On a Tuesday
Got your girl in the cut and she choosey
Club goin' up
On a Tuesday
Got your girl in the cut and she choosey
Workin' Monday night
On the corner flippin' hard
Made at least 3 thousand
On the boulevard
I've been workin' graveyard
Shifts every other weekend
Ain't got fuckin' time
To party on the weekend
I've been flippin' in the house
Makin' juugs on the highway
I've been ridin' out of state
Makin' money like my way
I don't think that I should dance
I'm just gon' have another drink
I'm doin' my stance
You know my molly prant
I got the loudest of the loud
You know my gas stink
My P.O. Think I'm in the house
Don't give a damn 'bout what she think
Club goin' up, on a Tuesday
Got your girl in the cut and she choosey
Club goin' up
On a Tuesday
Got your girl in the cut and she choosey
Club goin' up
On a Tuesday
Got your girl in the cut and she choosey
Club goin' up
On a Tuesday
Got your girl in the cut and she choosey
And I know I know how I made it on my own
I made my own style, I don't think that I should stay
You know I gotta' go
You're moving too fast
Don't wanna take it slow
Got the club goin' up
On a Tuesday
Got your girl in the cut and she choosey
Club goin' up
On a Tuesday
Got your girl in the cut and she choosey
Club goin' up
On a Tuesday
Got your girl in the cut and she choosey
Club goin' up
On a Tuesday
Got your girl in the cut and she choosey
Club goin' up
On a Tuesday
Got your girl in the cut and she choosey
Club goin' up
On a Tuesday
Got your girl in the cut and she choosey
Got the club goin' up
Fuck bein' on some chill shit
We go 0 to 100 nigga, real quick
They be on that rap to pay the bill shit
And I don't feel that shit, not even a little bit
Oh Lord, know yourself, know your worth, nigga
My actions been louder than my words, nigga
How you so high, but still so down to Earth, nigga
Niggas wanna do it, we can do it on they turf, nigga
Oh Lord, I'm the rookie and the vet
Shoutout to the bitches out here holdin' down the set
All up in my phone, lookin' at pictures from the other night
She gon' be upset if she keep scrollin' to the left, dawg
She gon' see some shit that she don't wanna see
She ain't ready for it
If I ain't the greatest then I'm headed for it
That mean I'm way up
The 6 ain't friendly but it's where I lay up
This shit a mothafuckin' lay up
I been Steph Curry with the shot
Been cookin' with the sauce, chef, curry with the pot, boy
360 with the wrist, boy
Who the fuck them niggas is, boy?
OVO, man we really with the shits, boy
Really with the shits
I should prolly sign to Hit-Boy cause I got all the hits, boy
Fuck all that "Drake you gotta chill" shit
I be on my Lil Mouse drill shit
Fuck all that rap-to-pay-your-bill shit
Yeah, I'm on some Raptors pay my bills shit
All up on TV, I thought it'd make me richer
Wasn't payin' me enough, I needed somethin' quicker
So now I'm all in Niko's basement puttin' work in on the phones
Either that or drive to money mart to make the pickups
Man it's 2008, I'm tryna paint the picture
Comeback Season in the works and now I'm thinkin' bigger
I got 40 in the studio, every night, late night
Gotta watch that shit, don't want to make him sicker
That's my nigga
Oh Lord, got a whole lot to show for it
I mean we can really get it, we can go for it
I'm just here for the bucks and the billi's, nigga
Don't make me kill one of the GOAT's for it
Ugh, I run this shit, they like "Go Forrest
Run Forrest, run Forrest, go Forrest"
Yeah, I mean you already wrote for us
Damn, nigga, what's one more quote for us?
Oh Lord, who else soundin' like this?
They ain't make me what I am, they just found me like this
I was ready, fuck that, I've been ready
Since my dad used to tell me he was comin' to the house to get me
He ain't show up
Valuable lesson, man I had to grow up
That's why I never ask for help
I'll do it for you niggas and do it for myself
I go 0 to 100, nigga, real quick
Real quick, whole squad on that real shit
0 to 100, nigga, real quick
Real quick, real fuckin' quick, nigga
0 to 100, nigga, real quick
Real quick, whole squad on that real shit
0 to 100, nigga, real quick
Real quick, real fuckin' quick, nigga
Whole squad on that real shit
Whole squad on that real shit
Whole squad on that real shit
The other night, Lavish Lee told me that I'm all these people listen to
She said they love me unconditional
Imagine how I feel to watch another nigga at the top
You know that if it wasn't you, you would be dissin' you, dawg
Damn, okay, from that perspective
I see what you're talkin' 'bout, no way to soften that
'Cause me, I was tryna find out where I lost 'em at
But maybe I ain't lose 'em at all
Maybe I keep movin' forward and they're just stagnant, they ain't movin' at all
But when they need a favor, who do they call?
Maybe I'm searchin' for the problems, askin' what was said and who was involved
Too focused on people's feedback and provin' 'em wrong
They say the shoe can always fit, no matter whose foot it's on
These days feel like I'm squeezin' in 'em
Whoever wore 'em before just wasn't thinkin' big enough
I'm 'bout to leave 'em with 'em
'Cause if I run in the game in these, man the seams are splittin'
No pun intended but they're smellin' defeat in the air
Headed where nobody took it, who meetin' me there?
They tell him that he's talkin' crazy but he doesn't care
Bein' humble don't work as well as bein' aware
Listen up, boy, you're better off eavesdroppin'
We already got spring 2015 poppin'
PND droppin', Reps-up P droppin'
Majid Jordan droppin', OB droppin', not to mention me droppin'
Feel like we paid the refs off, man we fixed the game
Me and Noel been at it before Twitter names
Yeah, been on the move like the lease is up
And I can't even name one person that's keepin' up
Damn, fuck how it was in the past tense
Ask yourself, how do we match up now?
'Cause I'm only 27 and I'm only gettin' better
If I haven't passed you yet, watch me catch up now, forreal
"Good God Almighty, like back in the old days
You know, years ago they had the A&R; men to tell you what to play
How to play it and you know whether it's disco and rock
But um, we just went in the studio and we did it
We had champagne in the studio, of course, you know
Compliments of the company, and we just laid back and did it
So we hope you enjoy listening to this album half as much
As we enjoyed playing it for you, because we had a ball
Only real music is gonna last
All the other bullshit is here today and gone tomorrow"
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M. get the money, dolla-dolla bill y'all
After hours of Il Mulino
Or Sotto Sotto, just talkin' about women and vino
The contract like '91 Dan Marino
I swear this got Michael Rapino boostin' my ego
Overly focused, it's far from the time to rest now
Debates growing 'bout who they think is the best now
Took a while, got the jokers out of the deck now
I'm holdin' all the cards and niggas wanna play chess now
I hear you talkin', say it twice so I know you meant it
Fuck it, I don't even tint it, they should know who's in it
I'm authentic, real name, no gimmicks
No game, no scrimmage, I ain't playin' with you niggas at all
My classmates, they went on to be chartered accountants
Or work with their parents, but thinkin' back on how they treated me
My high school reunion might be worth an appearance
Make everybody have to go through security clearance
Tables turn, bridges burn, you live and learn
With the ink, I could murder word to my nigga Irv
Yeah, I swear shit just started clickin' dog
You know it's real when you are who you think you are
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M. get the money, dolla-dolla bill y'all
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M. get the money, dolla-dolla bill y'all
Uh, I had Benzes 'fore you had braces
The all black Maybach but I'm not a racist
Inside's whiter than Katy Perry's face is
Yellow diamonds in my Jess
I just might learn to speak Mandarin
Japanese for the yen that I'm handlin'
International Hov, that's my handle
My saint's Sean Don, light a candle
El Gran Santo on the mantle
'Case y'all didn't know, I speak Spanish too
Shoutout to Worldwide Wes
Everywhere we go we leave a worldwide mess
Yes, still Roc La Familia
Says a lot about you if you not feelin' us
The homie said "Hov, there ain't many of us"
I told him less is more, nigga it's plenty of us
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M. get the money, dolla-dolla bill y'all
Cake, cake-cake, cake-cake, cake
500 million, I got a pound cake
Niggas is frontin', that's upside-down cake
Get 'em a red nose, they clown cakes
They shoulda never let you 'round cake
Look at my neck, I got a carrot cake
Now here's the icing on the cake
Cake, cake-cake, cake-cake
Uh I'm just gettin' started, oh yeah we got it bitch
I've done made more millionaires than the lotto did
Dame made millions, Bigg made millions
Ye made millions, Just made millions
Lyor made millions, Cam made millions
Beans tell you if he wasn't in his feelings
I'm back in my bag
My eyes bloodshot but my jet don't lag
A pair of Jordan 3's tryna chase this cash
Gucci air bag just in case we crash
Uh, last night was mad trill
I'm fresh out of Advil, Jesus grab the wheel
Yeah uh, look, fuck all that happy to be here shit that y'all want me on
I'm the big homie, they still be tryna lil' bro me dog
Like I should fall in line, like I should alert niggas
When I'm 'bout to drop somethin' crazy and I say I'm the greatest of my generation
Like I should be dressin' different
Like I should be less aggressive and pessimistic
Like I should be way more nervous and less dismissive
Like I should be on my best behavior
And not talk my shit and do it major like the niggas who paved the way for us
Like I didn't study the game to the letter
And understand that I'm not doin' it the same, man, I'm doin' it better
Like I didn't make that clearer this year
Like I should feel, I don't know, guilty for saying that
They should put a couple more mirrors in here so I can stare at myself
These are usually just some thoughts that I would share with myself
But I thought "Fuck it"
It's worth it to share 'em with someone else more than Paris for once
I text her from time to time, she a mom now
I guess sometimes life forces us to calm down
I told her she could live with me if she need to
I got a compound but I think she's straight
Cause she supported since Hot Beats right before Wayne came
And got me out of the backroom where I was rapping with Jas over beats I shouldn't have in the hopes for the glory
He walked right past in the hallway 3 months later I'm his artist
He probably wouldn't remember that story
But that shit stick with me
Always couldn't believe when he called me
You never know, it could happen to you
And I just spent four Ferraris all on a brand new Bugatti
And did that shit cause it's something to do, yeah
I guess its just who I became dog
Nothing was the same dog
"That's the shit I'm talking about though, like
You changed up
You don't even fucking link nobody no more,
You just dash me away like a cyattie.
Yo, you cheesed me dog."
Always felt like my vision been bigger than the bigger picture
Crazy how you gotta wait until it's dark out to see who really with you
Crazy how even when it miss you, shit'll come back around and get you
Crazy like all my niggas
Crazy like all my niggas
Remember I deleted all my other girls numbers out the phone for you?
Remember when you had to take the Bar exam, I drove in the snow for you?
Yeah you probably don't remember half the shit a nigga did for you
Yeah, you ain't really fuck with me way back then, girl, how 'bout now?
'Cause I'm up right now ('cause I'm up right now)
And you suck right now (and you suck right now)
Oh you thought you had it all figured back then girl, how 'bout now
'Cause I'm right now ('cause I'm up right now)
And you suck right now (and you suck right now)
Yeah you thought the little effort that you put in was enough, girl, how 'bout now?
Yeah, girl how 'bout now
How 'bout now girl, what 'bout now girl, how 'bout now
Yeah always been daddy's little angel
I bought your dad a bunch of shit for Christmas, he ain't even say thank you
I had no money left from acting, I was focused on the music
I used to always try and burn you CD's of my new shit
You be like "who's this?" I be like "me, girl"
You be like "oh word, true shit?"
Then ask if we could listen to Ludacris
And car rides made me feel like I was losing it
Yeah, made me feel I ain't have it like that
Like I was average like that
Started drinking way more than I used to
People form habits like that, girl
Yeah, man enough to tell you I was hurt that year
I'm not even Christian, I still went to church that year, guess
I just had to pretend that year
I ain't even see my friends that year
Places that I should've been
You ain't really fucked with me way back then but
Let's get, I can't wait to trick man
It's gonna be so sweet
Still like, "Can you hit it with your OVO goose on?"
I'm like, "What are you on?"
Told me that she two on, ha, that's cute we a few on
I could show you what to do in this bitch
Take the addy with the water pop two and then sip
Me, you and your bitch and we talkin' bout life, love too and this dick
First I had her in the six,
Then we had her in the six
You know I got another bar for ya
I'mma chill baby, we don't want the devil in this bitch, naw
Got bad one we could call it Kelly Rowland
Ooh she get the jelly rollin'
I can nelly in the telly 'cause she open I could tell she from ? Pasadena what up
I love to get on
I love to get two on
I love to get on
I love to get two on
I love to get on
I love to get two on
I love to get on
I love to get two
A nigga got a woosa
Comin' at me never work no matter who try
I got 'em all a cheque without the wu-high
Flip mo's on ya quick got a few sides, woo
Comin' from the sick side
When niggas goin' shower posse just to get by
Stay true never switch sides
Yea, the game turn me into this guy
Yea, and know every time Drake-out
Cameras always flashing tryna put me on the Takeout
Crib in Calabasas man I call that shit the safe house
Thirty minutes from L.A. The shit is way out
Til D Day that's where I'm stayin'
You can hear it in my voice I'm goin' way in
Yea, OB dat my brother like a Wayans
Ya know I only show up if you payin', nigga
Yea, I always been on
I always been two on
For like the past five years
All these niggas wanna shine I got a flashlight here man
Bout to hit the gas right here man
Old soul livin' in the past life here man
You, bring the cash right here man
Miracles, sit your ass right here man
My, you know I hate to wait
That's why I get it first and you get it late
Yea, OVO sound that man that's everyday
It's Young Money Records man get the record straight
I love to get on
I love to get two on
I love to get on
I love to get two on
She loves to get on
She loves to get two on
She loves to get on
She loves to get two
You're so thoughtful you're so thoughtful
You're so bad girl, you're so awful
I fuck you right in my office
You go tell your friends, you're honest
That's why all your friends are on
You know you made me a promise
We're not in this for commitment
Your man's gone and you don't miss him
Book you flights and confirmation
Southwest Airlines you'll still take it
Hell of a week for you chasing that paper
Even though you're exhausted you're still gonna make it girl
You're so thoughtful you're so thoughtful
You're so thoughtful you're so thoughtful
You're so thoughtful you're so thoughtful
You're so, you love to get to him
And you know
Something you know
And you know
And you know that I put you on
And you know
There's something you know
And you know
You love to get to him
(Rr' Ting) I'll admit it, I'll admit it
Watch your motherfuckin' tone boy
Get hurt boy
Aw here go another mo'fucker
That don't understand the concept of puttin' money first boy (first)
I'm 'bout to hit you with the work boy (work)
I'm 'bout to hit you with the work boy (work)
I hate comin' through stuntin' on niggas that I know, ah
That's the worst boy (worst)
I'll admit it, I'll admit it (I'll admit it)
You haven't been a man for like a minute
I told you that I'm in it for the long haul
You can really get the business
I'll admit it, I'll admit it (I'll admit it)
Rolling swishers hittin' swishes
Got me feelin' like a ball hog
I don't pass 'em when I get it
I'll admit it, I'll admit it
You too worried 'bout the bitches (what you worried 'bout)
I got one girl, and she my girl
And nobody else can hit it
She'll admit it, she'll admit it
She ain't fuckin' with you niggas
And just like every single other thing in my life
You can have her when I'm finished
I hear the talk on road is I'm the shit boy
Phone call back home
Shit is hot up in the 6 boy (hot up in the 6 boy)
Shit hot up in the 6 right now shit
Hot up in the 6 boy (hot up in the 6 boy)
Shit is hot up in the 6 right now
Come see us and get it fixed boy
Black Benz on the road boy
Already had a Rolls Royce
Sold a couple Bentley last week, them were my old toys
I give a fuck about old boy
I give a fuck about his squad boy
I give a fuck about your mob boy
I'm the real 6 God boy
I'm about to say a true thing
I'm about to say a true thing
You was poppin' back when Usher wore a U-chain
God damn you changed
I put it on 'erything, it's a err ting
It's a OVO come through murk things
I know you heard things
Bitch I know you heard things
Yeah, I know you heard things, know you
I'm not new to this
Coming from the motherfucking 6 side
I'm not new to this
Niggas wouldn't make it on this side
I'm not new to this
I'm not new, I'm not new
Yeah, I know you heard things
Nobody really likes us except for us
Yeah, all I ever needed was the squad so that's what's up
Yeah, my sound got the whole city a way right now
Yeah so I don't give a fuck about what anybody sayin' right now
Drake:
I got my eyes on you
You're everything that I see
I want your hot love, emotion endlessly
I can't get over you, left your mark on me
I want your hot love, emotion endlessly
Cause you're a good girl and you know it
You act so different around me
Cause you're a good girl and you know it
I know exactly who you could be
Just hold on, we're goin' home
Just hold on, we're goin' home
It's hard to do these things alone
Just hold on, we're goin' home, home
Jhene:
What's up
Been a minute since we kicked it
You been caught up
With these chicks and I don't get it, you're a star love
You shouldn't have to deal with that
I never make you feel like that
Cause I love me, I love me enough for the both of us
That's why you trust me
You been through more than most of us
So what are you, what are you, what are you so afraid of?
Darlin' you, you give but you cannot take love.
Drake:
I needed to hear that, I hate when you're submissive
Passive aggressive when we're texting, I feel the distance
I look around the peers that surround me, these boys are trippin'
I like when money makes a difference but don't make you different
Started realizin' a couple places I could take it
I want to get back to when I was that kid in the basement
I want to take it deeper than money, vacation
And influence a generation that's lackin' in patience
I've been dealin' with my dad, speakin' of lack of patience
Just me and my old man gettin' back to basics
We've been talkin' 'bout the future and time that we wasted
When he put that bottle down, girl that man is amazin'
Well, we had a couple Coronas
We might have rolled a white paper, just somethin' to hold us
We even talked about you in our couple of moments
He said we should hash it out like a couple of grown ups
You a flower child, beautiful child, I'm in your zone
Lookin' like you came from the 70's on your own
My mother is 66 and her favorite line to hit me with is
Who the fuck wants to be 70 and alone?
You don't even know what you want from love anymore
I search for somethin' I'm missin', it disappear when I'm bored
But girl, what qualities was I lookin' for before?
Who you settlin' for? Who better for you than the boy, huh?
Jhene:
I love me, I love me enough for the both of us
Drake:
I love me enough for the both of us
Jhene:
That's why you trust me
I know you been through more than most of us
Drake:
Talk to me baby
Jhene:
So what are you, what are you, what are you so afraid of?
Drake:
What are you so afraid of?
Jhene:
Darlin' you, you give but you cannot take love.
Drake:
Give but you cannot take love.
Jhene:
You cannot take love
Drake:
You need you some of this Drake love
Jhene:
None of that fake love
Drake:
Turn on to commercial break love
So that we can make love
You must remember wakin' up in Paris with the blunt
You must remember fuckin' me like anytime you want
What made us wanna act like we were married for two weeks?
Now we back in California, we don't even speak
That's a no no
Everyone said we look good on paper
You deserve that action
Plus you get more paper than I do, that shit attractive
Things that make me miss you, with Jen and Melissa
(Say Hi, M)
Tell the squad I said what up girl
Look at me, look at me, look at I
Ballin' out, swear I use to be shy
Young nigga
Back when I, was tryna' make a, MI
My nigga, when can I
How is this shit goin' how it is
I always seem to kill it and yet everybody lives
I hope that they remember me, for everything I did
It's some views from the 6
Just some views from the 6
(Rr' Ting) I'll admit it, I'll admit it
Watch your motherfuckin' tone boy
Get hurt boy
Aw here go another mo'fucker
That don't understand the concept of puttin' money first boy (first)
I'm 'bout to hit you with the work boy (work)
I'm 'bout to hit you with the work boy (work)
I hate comin' through stuntin' on niggas that I know, ah
That's the worst boy (worst)
I'll admit it, I'll admit it (I'll admit it)
You haven't been a man for like a minute
I told you that I'm in it for the long haul
You can really get the business
I'll admit it, I'll admit it (I'll admit it)
Rolling swishers hittin' swishes
Got me feelin' like a ball hog
I don't pass 'em when I get it
I'll admit it, I'll admit it
You too worried 'bout the bitches (what you worried 'bout)
I got one girl, and she my girl
And nobody else can hit it
She'll admit it, she'll admit it
She ain't fuckin' with you niggas
And just like every single other thing in my life
You can have her when I'm finished
I hear the talk on road is I'm the shit boy
Phone call back home
Shit is hot up in the 6 boy (hot up in the 6 boy)
Shit hot up in the 6 right now shit
Hot up in the 6 boy (hot up in the 6 boy)
Shit is hot up in the 6 right now
Come see us and get it fixed boy
Black Benz on the road boy
Already had a Rolls Royce
Sold a couple Bentley last week, them were my old toys
I give a fuck about old boy
I give a fuck about his squad boy
I give a fuck about your mob boy
I'm the real 6 God boy
I'm about to say a true thing
I'm about to say a true thing
You was poppin' back when Usher wore a U-chain
God damn you changed
I put it on 'erything, it's a err ting
It's a OVO come through murk things
I know you heard things
Bitch I know you heard things
Yeah, I know you heard things, know you
I'm not new to this
Coming from the motherfucking 6 side
I'm not new to this
Niggas wouldn't make it on this side
I'm not new to this
I'm not new, I'm not new
Yeah, I know you heard things
Nobody really likes us except for us
Yeah, all I ever needed was the squad so that's what's up
Yeah, my sound got the whole city a way right now
Yeah so I don't give a fuck about what anybody sayin' right now
"That's the shit I'm talking about though, like
You changed up
You don't even fucking link nobody no more,
You just dash me away like a cyattie.
Yo, you cheesed me dog."
Always felt like my vision been bigger than the bigger picture
Crazy how you gotta wait until it's dark out to see who really with you
Crazy how even when it miss you, shit'll come back around and get you
Crazy like all my niggas
Crazy like all my niggas
Remember I deleted all my other girls numbers out the phone for you?
Remember when you had to take the Bar exam, I drove in the snow for you?
Yeah you probably don't remember half the shit a nigga did for you
Yeah, you ain't really fuck with me way back then, girl, how 'bout now?
'Cause I'm up right now ('cause I'm up right now)
And you suck right now (and you suck right now)
Oh you thought you had it all figured back then girl, how 'bout now
'Cause I'm right now ('cause I'm up right now)
And you suck right now (and you suck right now)
Yeah you thought the little effort that you put in was enough, girl, how 'bout now?
Yeah, girl how 'bout now
How 'bout now girl, what 'bout now girl, how 'bout now
Yeah always been daddy's little angel
I bought your dad a bunch of shit for Christmas, he ain't even say thank you
I had no money left from acting, I was focused on the music
I used to always try and burn you CD's of my new shit
You be like "who's this?" I be like "me, girl"
You be like "oh word, true shit?"
Then ask if we could listen to Ludacris
And car rides made me feel like I was losing it
Yeah, made me feel I ain't have it like that
Like I was average like that
Started drinking way more than I used to
People form habits like that, girl
Yeah, man enough to tell you I was hurt that year
I'm not even Christian, I still went to church that year, guess
I just had to pretend that year
I ain't even see my friends that year
Places that I should've been
You ain't really fucked with me way back then but
Fuck bein' on some chill shit
We go 0 to 100 nigga, real quick
They be on that rap to pay the bill shit
And I don't feel that shit, not even a little bit
Oh Lord, know yourself, know your worth, nigga
My actions been louder than my words, nigga
How you so high, but still so down to Earth, nigga
Niggas wanna do it, we can do it on they turf, nigga
Oh Lord, I'm the rookie and the vet
Shoutout to the bitches out here holdin' down the set
All up in my phone, lookin' at pictures from the other night
She gon' be upset if she keep scrollin' to the left, dawg
She gon' see some shit that she don't wanna see
She ain't ready for it
If I ain't the greatest then I'm headed for it
That mean I'm way up
The 6 ain't friendly but it's where I lay up
This shit a mothafuckin' lay up
I been Steph Curry with the shot
Been cookin' with the sauce, chef, curry with the pot, boy
360 with the wrist, boy
Who the fuck them niggas is, boy?
OVO, man we really with the shits, boy
Really with the shits
I should prolly sign to Hit-Boy cause I got all the hits, boy
Fuck all that "Drake you gotta chill" shit
I be on my Lil Mouse drill shit
Fuck all that rap-to-pay-your-bill shit
Yeah, I'm on some Raptors pay my bills shit
All up on TV, I thought it'd make me richer
Wasn't payin' me enough, I needed somethin' quicker
So now I'm all in Niko's basement puttin' work in on the phones
Either that or drive to money mart to make the pickups
Man it's 2008, I'm tryna paint the picture
Comeback Season in the works and now I'm thinkin' bigger
I got 40 in the studio, every night, late night
Gotta watch that shit, don't want to make him sicker
That's my nigga
Oh Lord, got a whole lot to show for it
I mean we can really get it, we can go for it
I'm just here for the bucks and the billi's, nigga
Don't make me kill one of the GOAT's for it
Ugh, I run this shit, they like "Go Forrest
Run Forrest, run Forrest, go Forrest"
Yeah, I mean you already wrote for us
Damn, nigga, what's one more quote for us?
Oh Lord, who else soundin' like this?
They ain't make me what I am, they just found me like this
I was ready, fuck that, I've been ready
Since my dad used to tell me he was comin' to the house to get me
He ain't show up
Valuable lesson, man I had to grow up
That's why I never ask for help
I'll do it for you niggas and do it for myself
I go 0 to 100, nigga, real quick
Real quick, whole squad on that real shit
0 to 100, nigga, real quick
Real quick, real fuckin' quick, nigga
0 to 100, nigga, real quick
Real quick, whole squad on that real shit
0 to 100, nigga, real quick
Real quick, real fuckin' quick, nigga
Whole squad on that real shit
Whole squad on that real shit
Whole squad on that real shit
The other night, Lavish Lee told me that I'm all these people listen to
She said they love me unconditional
Imagine how I feel to watch another nigga at the top
You know that if it wasn't you, you would be dissin' you, dawg
Damn, okay, from that perspective
I see what you're talkin' 'bout, no way to soften that
'Cause me, I was tryna find out where I lost 'em at
But maybe I ain't lose 'em at all
Maybe I keep movin' forward and they're just stagnant, they ain't movin' at all
But when they need a favor, who do they call?
Maybe I'm searchin' for the problems, askin' what was said and who was involved
Too focused on people's feedback and provin' 'em wrong
They say the shoe can always fit, no matter whose foot it's on
These days feel like I'm squeezin' in 'em
Whoever wore 'em before just wasn't thinkin' big enough
I'm 'bout to leave 'em with 'em
'Cause if I run in the game in these, man the seams are splittin'
No pun intended but they're smellin' defeat in the air
Headed where nobody took it, who meetin' me there?
They tell him that he's talkin' crazy but he doesn't care
Bein' humble don't work as well as bein' aware
Listen up, boy, you're better off eavesdroppin'
We already got spring 2015 poppin'
PND droppin', Reps-up P droppin'
Majid Jordan droppin', OB droppin', not to mention me droppin'
Feel like we paid the refs off, man we fixed the game
Me and Noel been at it before Twitter names
Yeah, been on the move like the lease is up
And I can't even name one person that's keepin' up
Damn, fuck how it was in the past tense
Ask yourself, how do we match up now?
'Cause I'm only 27 and I'm only gettin' better
If I haven't passed you yet, watch me catch up now, forreal
[Drake]
Pretty women are you here?
Getting in the car
Are we clear right now?
Like a motherf*cker
I don't trust you
Fresh sheets
What?
Tell the n*ggas, we ain't hiding from them
Falling, too fast, clearly, rules don't apply,
Can't believe that I just met you
You got, me here, watching minutes pass by,
Wondering when to expect you
There you go
Is this a dream?
Looking like every picture that I've seen, of you before
I've seen it all before, now that's it over
I should have known better
When you think this is real, and you could be mine
I should have known better
Slowed it down, 'cause I feel, you needed time
But I kept thinking
This could be something x3
This could be, this could be
This could be something x3
Maybe it's just nothing at all
But this could be something
This could be something
This could be, this could be
This could be something x3
Maybe it's just nothing at all, at all, at all x2
I guess it's what we make it x3
[Drake]
Side pieces
I know that you're watching this from home
I can't wait to see you on the road
Cheering from the shadows I hear you calling out
Wifey sees a text and asks what's this all about
I tell her you're just a friend
A lot of these guys are dying for this song to end
I'm asking would you be mine
Would you get on this flight to Cleveland, Ohio at 2:45
I had a rough game I took two shots I was 0 for 2
Tough day I need that one thing only you can do
Skylar this is the one thing that I'd be for you
This goes out to all my side pieces
Side pieces, side pieces
This goes out to all my side pieces
You know that you'll never be the main one
City to city I see you wearing the same one
Side pieces, side pieces
Los Angeles I want you to make some noise for the real king of side pieces Brian McKnight one time
[Brian McKnight]
This is dedicated to all the side pieces
I know you'll never be more
And you'll always be less
But there's courage in knowing that you're ok being second best
I already got a starter but I'm looking for the rest of my team
Side pieces in training go on and wave your hands for Drake and me
(Don't be embarrassed)
Side pieces where you at
(Probably in the top balcony)
I know you're not down here in front of us you got to be way back in the back
(They can't even see us)
Side pieces go on and be, side pieces ya
Side pieces
Fuck bein' on some chill shit
We go 0 to 100 nigga, real quick
They be on that rap to pay the bill shit
And I don't feel that shit, not even a little bit
Oh Lord, know yourself, know your worth, nigga
My actions been louder than my words, nigga
How you so high, but still so down to Earth, nigga
Niggas wanna do it, we can do it on they turf, nigga
Oh Lord, I'm the rookie and the vet
Shoutout to the bitches out here holdin' down the set
All up in my phone, lookin' at pictures from the other night
She gon' be upset if she keep scrollin' to the left, dawg
She gon' see some shit that she don't wanna see
She ain't ready for it
If I ain't the greatest then I'm headed for it
That mean I'm way up
The 6 ain't friendly but it's where I lay up
This shit a mothafuckin' lay up
I been Steph Curry with the shot
Been cookin' with the sauce, chef, curry with the pot, boy
360 with the wrist, boy
Who the fuck them niggas is, boy?
OVO, man we really with the shits, boy
Really with the shits
I should prolly sign to Hit-Boy cause I got all the hits, boy
Fuck all that "Drake you gotta chill" shit
I be on my Lil Mouse drill shit
Fuck all that rap-to-pay-your-bill shit
Yeah, I'm on some Raptors pay my bills shit
All up on TV, I thought it'd make me richer
Wasn't payin' me enough, I needed somethin' quicker
So now I'm all in Niko's basement puttin' work in on the phones
Either that or drive to money mart to make the pickups
Man it's 2008, I'm tryna paint the picture
Comeback Season in the works and now I'm thinkin' bigger
I got 40 in the studio, every night, late night
Gotta watch that shit, don't want to make him sicker
That's my nigga
Oh Lord, got a whole lot to show for it
I mean we can really get it, we can go for it
I'm just here for the bucks and the billi's, nigga
Don't make me kill one of the GOAT's for it
Ugh, I run this shit, they like "Go Forrest
Run Forrest, run Forrest, go Forrest"
Yeah, I mean you already wrote for us
Damn, nigga, what's one more quote for us?
Oh Lord, who else soundin' like this?
They ain't make me what I am, they just found me like this
I was ready, fuck that, I've been ready
Since my dad used to tell me he was comin' to the house to get me
He ain't show up
Valuable lesson, man I had to grow up
That's why I never ask for help
I'll do it for you niggas and do it for myself
I go 0 to 100, nigga, real quick
Real quick, whole squad on that real shit
0 to 100, nigga, real quick
Real quick, real fuckin' quick, nigga
0 to 100, nigga, real quick
Real quick, whole squad on that real shit
0 to 100, nigga, real quick
Real quick, real fuckin' quick, nigga
Whole squad on that real shit
Whole squad on that real shit
Whole squad on that real shit
The other night, Lavish Lee told me that I'm all these people listen to
She said they love me unconditional
Imagine how I feel to watch another nigga at the top
You know that if it wasn't you, you would be dissin' you, dawg
Damn, okay, from that perspective
I see what you're talkin' 'bout, no way to soften that
'Cause me, I was tryna find out where I lost 'em at
But maybe I ain't lose 'em at all
Maybe I keep movin' forward and they're just stagnant, they ain't movin' at all
But when they need a favor, who do they call?
Maybe I'm searchin' for the problems, askin' what was said and who was involved
Too focused on people's feedback and provin' 'em wrong
They say the shoe can always fit, no matter whose foot it's on
These days feel like I'm squeezin' in 'em
Whoever wore 'em before just wasn't thinkin' big enough
I'm 'bout to leave 'em with 'em
'Cause if I run in the game in these, man the seams are splittin'
No pun intended but they're smellin' defeat in the air
Headed where nobody took it, who meetin' me there?
They tell him that he's talkin' crazy but he doesn't care
Bein' humble don't work as well as bein' aware
Listen up, boy, you're better off eavesdroppin'
We already got spring 2015 poppin'
PND droppin', Reps-up P droppin'
Majid Jordan droppin', OB droppin', not to mention me droppin'
Feel like we paid the refs off, man we fixed the game
Me and Noel been at it before Twitter names
Yeah, been on the move like the lease is up
And I can't even name one person that's keepin' up
Damn, fuck how it was in the past tense
Ask yourself, how do we match up now?
'Cause I'm only 27 and I'm only gettin' better
If I haven't passed you yet, watch me catch up now, forreal
Why you keep askin' me about her?
She's not here right now, she's not here right now
Why am I the one you wanna get into it with for the drama?
I've got a lot to say, and that's the last thing a nigga wanna hear right now
Spendin' all my days on the Eastside, oh
Forgettin' who I was on the other side, oh
Young nigga switchin' up the program right now
Tryna put the power in my own hands right now
I'm about to ride through the old hood right now
Got too much pride for my own good right now
Waitin' on you to give in and hit me up
So I could fall through like old times and hit it up
I'm terrible at invitin' myself, call me over
Those nights when you need someone else call me over
You can be the one to take control, call me over
When I get there, you already know, call me
Why you keep askin' me about her?
Couple other things I'd rather do than talk 'bout that right now
Told you about givin' him chances on chances on chances
He's not holdin' you down, he's holdin' you back right now
Spendin' all my days on the Eastside, oh
Forgettin' who I was on the other side, oh
Young nigga switchin' up the program right now
Tryna put the power in my own hands right now
Love it when your ass speak the truth to me, oh
Tryna wake up and have you with me, oh
Waitin' on you to give in and hit me up
So I could fall through like old times and hit it up
I'm terrible at invitin' myself, call me over
Those nights when you need someone else call me over
You can be the one to take control, call me over
When I get there, you already know, call me
Ugh, thinking out aloud
I must have a quarter million on me right now
Hard to make a song about something other than the money
Two things I'm about are talking blunt staying blunted
Pretty women are you here?
Are you here right now, huh?
We should all disappear right now
Look, you're getting all your friends and you're getting in the car
And you're coming to the house, are we clear right now, huh?
You seem to flee to all the new things
Cop cars with the loose change
All white like I move things
Niggas see me rolling and their mood change
Like a muthafucka
New flow, I got a dozen of 'em
I don't trust you, you're an undercover
I could probably make some stepsisters fuck each other, whew
Talking filets with the truffle butter
Fresh sheets and towels, man she gotta love it
Yeah, they all get what they desire from it
What, tell them niggas we ain't hiding from it
Whatcha say, whatcha say huh?
Whatcha say, whatcha say huh?
Whatcha say, whatcha say huh?
Real niggas all day what
Whatcha say, whatcha say huh?
Whatcha say, whatcha say huh?
Whatcha say, whatcha say huh?
Real niggas all day, all day what
Whew, this the kid from under
They say it's better against the odds but I like even numbers
The kid is all up in the cribbo, fucking on a bad bitch
Ass like a hippo, leaving bitches crippled
Read the bitch MO, play it like a demo
Tricking when ya got it really is a N-O
But I'm just really sticking how I feel right now huh?
Niggas can't stand real right now, huh?
Can't see me, invisible
Make ya bitch need the kid fiending like it's critical
Rappers try to see me, feeling so invisible
Niggas wanna be me, 'bout to get to physical
Ain't stopping, clock stoppin', pop lock it,
Stock option, cock block it, Glock cock it
To take a shot, girl your genitals
Got me goin' in with only 60 minute intervals
You know you bad
Whatcha say, whatcha say huh?
Whatcha say, whatcha say huh?
Whatcha say, whatcha say huh?
Real niggas all day, what
Whatcha say, whatcha say huh?
Whatcha say, whatcha say huh?
Whatcha say, whatcha say huh?
Real niggas all day, all day what
Oh, it's the 8th wonder
Wonder how I keep coming with the Bay number
Yeah, I play the money, I play it off 'cause you ain't had a lot
She gon' sound cocky, told you know that I get that a lot
Codeine, like a night game
The rave cocaine came with a scale mane
Tryna be the only one, that's a long race
I'll call you Billie Jean, but what would Mike say?
In L.A, in L.A, in L.A, in L.A
We at the mansion, all day
M.I.A., all the girls with it
Late night, they say "Don't stop, get it, get it"
8 mill' for the new home
See the gold car, she like Raw home
No shades I'll bring it to ya face nigga
Like whatcha say, whatcha say, nigga
Whatcha say, whatcha say huh?
Whatcha say, whatcha say huh?
Whatcha say, whatcha say huh?
Real niggas all day, what
Whatcha say, whatcha say huh?
Whatcha say, whatcha say huh?
Whatcha say, whatcha say huh?
Real niggas all day, all day what
Whatcha say, whatcha say huh?
Whatcha say, whatcha say huh?
Whatcha say, whatcha say huh?
Real niggas all day, what
Whatcha say, whatcha say huh?
Whatcha say, whatcha say huh?
Whatcha say, whatcha say huh?
Real niggas all day, all day what (Charisma)
(You used to call me)
Ugh, man
You're so beautiful
Look I'm about to go in
I'm gonna get inside these bitches head like a sew in
Post to drop in Halloween but really I don't know when
I take all the W's I can get and you get no wins
Yeah, Erykah on my hotline
Recognition from a great, man, about time
Fanbase growin' at a steady pace
I don't talk unless the money straight
Look I do it for the music man, the money just a bonus
Everybody that I know is still rap personas
Niggas comin' out the wood works like they Louie
My hair's longer than the twist in the movies
Real niggas wassup
(You used to call me) (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
[Hook]
I'm black and Jewish
Don't be so foolish
I'm black and Jewish
It's a Mitzvah
[Verse]
Please don't forget I'm black, please don't forget I'm Jewish
I play ball like Lebron and I know what a W-2 is
Chilling in Boca Raton with my mensch, Lenny Kravitz
The only purple drink we sip is purple Manischewitz
At my show, you won't simply put your hands in the air
We can also raise a chair or recite a Jewish prayer
[Interlude]
Like Baruch Yitadel Yisrael
Ve'et ha Kim Kardashian Kanye West, amen
I eat Hova with nova, knishes with my bitches
A bagel and cream cheesy with my boy, his name is Weezy
Do not go to Feingold's, though
The pickles are rubber
And I will not be harming ya
I read the Old Testament, okra and matzahball, I'll eat the rest of it
I celebrate Hanukkah, dated Rihannakah
Birth right in Israel, mama from Canada
Daddy from Africa
Best of worlds when you're Jewish with black in ya
Challah!
You must remember wakin' up in Paris with the blunt
You must remember fuckin' me like anytime you want
What made us wanna act like we were married for two weeks?
Now we back in California, we don't even speak
That's a no no
Everyone said we look good on paper
You deserve that action
Plus you get more paper than I do, that shit attractive
Things that make me miss you, with Jen and Melissa
(Say Hi, M)
Tell the squad I said what up girl
Look at me, look at me, look at I
Ballin' out, swear I use to be shy
Young nigga
Back when I, was tryna' make a, MI
My nigga, when can I
How is this shit goin' how it is
I always seem to kill it and yet everybody lives
I hope that they remember me, for everything I did
It's some views from the 6
Just some views from the 6
Draft day, Johnny Manziel
Five years later how am I the man still
Draft day, A. Wiggins
Fuck that other side bitch we stay winnin'
Aww man, you know I had to do it for you
You know I had to do it for ya
Yeah, suits and ties yelling out "pay the guys"
Man I had to do it for ya
You know I had to do it for ya
You know I had to do it for ya
Aww man, aww man, aww man, man
You know I had t-
Sometimes I laugh with God about how you can't stop me
I'm his darkest angel probably but he still got me
I'm gettin' mine but still I better lives
And shit I set aside to make sure my people are gettin' by
Brunch with some Qatar royals and my cup is all oil
You know it's real when your niggas will take the fall for you
All loyal so you keep egging me on
And we gonna have to crack a shell just to prove to you, you ain't hard boiled
Last night I tried some raw oysters
Man that boy growin' up quick, that boy know he the shit
That boy singin' on every song when he know he can spit
That boy manifested it, that boy knew it was written
That boy did it on purpose
That boy know that they shittin' on you, and they can't get past you
You should've followed all my moves, you won't realize 'til after
And if I left shit to chance I would've picked a name like Chance the Rapper
No offense cause I don't know that nigga
I'm focused on makin' records and gettin' bigger
Just hits, no misses, that's for the married folk
Tell 'em fix my suite up cause I'm comin' home
I heard they talkin' crazy, I was out of town
You know they love to pop all that shit when I'm not around
But when I'm here, not a sound
That'll make me snap, jot it down
Go in the booth and lay a body down
Know some Somalis that say we got it wallahi
Get us donuts and coffee, we'll wait for him in the lobby
And I gotta tell him chill, Sprite got me on payroll
Let that man live, they say "Okay if you say so"
See whatever I say goes
I play like I'm on 'roids, no Canseco
No Oakland A's though, shout out the Bay though
I think I'm on my eighth flow, just watch me paint flow
We all do it for the art so I can never hate though
Signin' off on more deals than a lawyer with a heavy case load
How the game turn into the Drake show?
Dog, what the fuck happen to so and so, where did they go?
They too worried 'bout bitches and fashion, they go missin' in action
And then you never notice they missin'
On some Hunger Games shit I would die for my district
Jennifer Lawrence you can really get it
I mean forreal, girl you know I had to do it for yah
You know I had to do it for yah
You know I had to
Oh wait sidebar, left some beat at the end
So that all of you fuck niggas could loop it and get your lies off
Draft day, Johnny Manziel
Five years later how am I the man still
Draft day, A. Wiggins
Fuck that other side bitch we stay winnin'
Aww man, you know I had to do it for you
You know I had to do it for ya
Yeah, suits and ties yelling out "pay the guys"
Man I had to do it for ya
You know I had to do it for ya
You know I had to do it for ya
Aww man, aww man, aww man, man
You know I had t-
That's why I don't read the news, it's garbage
And the editor that wrote the thing, he's garbage
Got guys on my back about schedule, saying it's too tough
Well guess what?
It's Division-1 football!
It's the SEC!
Heck, you pledged, didn't ya?
Go play intramurals, brother
Go play intramurals
(Rr' Ting) I'll admit it, I'll admit it
Watch your motherfuckin' tone boy
Get hurt boy
Aw here go another mo'fucker
That don't understand the concept of puttin' money first boy (first)
I'm 'bout to hit you with the work boy (work)
I'm 'bout to hit you with the work boy (work)
I hate comin' through stuntin' on niggas that I know, ah
That's the worst boy (worst)
I'll admit it, I'll admit it (I'll admit it)
You haven't been a man for like a minute
I told you that I'm in it for the long haul
You can really get the business
I'll admit it, I'll admit it (I'll admit it)
Rolling swishers hittin' swishes
Got me feelin' like a ball hog
I don't pass 'em when I get it
I'll admit it, I'll admit it
You too worried 'bout the bitches (what you worried 'bout)
I got one girl, and she my girl
And nobody else can hit it
She'll admit it, she'll admit it
She ain't fuckin' with you niggas
And just like every single other thing in my life
You can have her when I'm finished
I hear the talk on road is I'm the shit boy
Phone call back home
Shit is hot up in the 6 boy (hot up in the 6 boy)
Shit hot up in the 6 right now shit
Hot up in the 6 boy (hot up in the 6 boy)
Shit is hot up in the 6 right now
Come see us and get it fixed boy
Black Benz on the road boy
Already had a Rolls Royce
Sold a couple Bentley last week, them were my old toys
I give a fuck about old boy
I give a fuck about his squad boy
I give a fuck about your mob boy
I'm the real 6 God boy
I'm about to say a true thing
I'm about to say a true thing
You was poppin' back when Usher wore a U-chain
God damn you changed
I put it on 'erything, it's a err ting
It's a OVO come through murk things
I know you heard things
Bitch I know you heard things
Yeah, I know you heard things, know you
I'm not new to this
Coming from the motherfucking 6 side
I'm not new to this
Niggas wouldn't make it on this side
I'm not new to this
I'm not new, I'm not new
Yeah, I know you heard things
Nobody really likes us except for us
Yeah, all I ever needed was the squad so that's what's up
Yeah, my sound got the whole city a way right now
Yeah so I don't give a fuck about what anybody sayin' right now
