*******[PLAY SECRET TRACK 9 1/2 [CODED] NOW]*******
(do not read on while "Secret track" plays. Wait until it is finished, then continue reading)
CUT TO:
****[PLAY "PLAYING AROUND BEFORE THE PARTY STARTS" NOW]****
INT. MANSION - NIGHT
[VISUAL]
The Boy sits at his piano; playing randomly, trying to make sense of everything/anything. Steve and Swank talk to Emily and MISLA in the kitchen. They're arguing about driving, or cooking with coconut oil instead of olive oil, or something else they themselves will not care about or remember in a month, year, ten years, 100 years, the age of the universe
The house is starting to look pretty bad. The cleaners that used to come stopped receiving their payment and stopped coming. Plastic cups are starting to spread like a blue rash across the living room and coffee tables. Every surface has a sticky spot. You used to be able to slide into the kitchen from the living room with a two second run and quick stop. Now, dried alcohol stops you before you even get to the kitchen door. The Boy really loved sliding into the kitchen when he was a kid. It was the closest you could get to having powers
*******[PLAY SONG "THE PARTY" AT THIS POINT]*******
[VISUAL]
Minutes go by. People start to crowd around The Boy as he continues on piano. So many people he can't think
Fam daps up a kid as he walks in. They then walk over to a closet where Fam opens up a pantry of weed. It's not nostalgic rap video stocked with weed, but there's a lot of weed in there. Fam tosses an ounce of weed at the kid. The kid and his friend smell it and nod. They look to Fam to share a smile of like "good shit, right?", but Fam isn't there for em. Fam gives em the "where's my money you privileged ass-hole" look. They pull out some hundreds
Misla is sitting knees to chest with a french dude in the center of the pool table. They're eating s'mores
Emily and Steve are jumping over the fire pit like idiots
There are people saying things, giving opinions, feeling interesting. Everyone has a purpose tonight. It's a great time
But then:
...this is a waste
 THE BOY: Get
...of time
 THE BOY (CONT'D): Out. Everyone
No one can hear him. It's a party
 THE BOY (CONT'D): Everyone needs to get out. NOW!
People start to notice. The Boy gets up from the piano and grabs a pool stick. He quickly walks over to the ipod dock playing music and winds up like it's a bat
SMASH
Everyone stares
 FUCKBOY 2: That's my phone, nigga!
The Boy looks up. There's a deep inhale, then he starts smashing everything. Glass sprays everywhere, alcohol splashes, people start running out
SOME DUDE 2: Worldstar!
The Boy continues hitting things. He's about to come down on somoeone's phone that's lying on the coffee table. He holds the pool cue above his head and lets it down fast
But right before, someone grabs the cell phone, laying their hand on top of it, daring The Boy to hit the hand. The Boy barely stops in time
The hand has a cast on it. The Boy looks up to see a girl (NAOMI) staring at him. She looks mad. The Boy is mad. But not at her. He's trying to look mad at her, but he really looks like "sorry"
Eyes locked
She slowly takes her phone, making complete eye contact the entire time, then walks out. Everyone stares at this strange interaction
As soon as she leaves, The Boy goes back to smashing things
 THE BOY: Get out! Get away!
Some people start running out trying not to get hit. Other people just laugh cause they're high or because they think it's pathetic. They all leave eventually
The Boy stands there for a moment. He turns to the bar next to the pool table. There's half a blunt and a bottle of Sriracha sitting there. The Boy takes the bottle and starts squirting it on the pool table
When he's done, he's written: "ROSCOE'S WETSUIT"
 FAM: Nice
The Boy turns. Fam's just sitting there. No one even noticed him. Fam gives him a SMH. The Boy leaves
CUT TO:
*******[PLAY SONG "NO EXIT" AT THIS POINT]*******
INT. THE BOY'S ROOM - LATER NIGHT
The Boy lays in his bed. Blue and black stripes from the shades fold over his face. He can hear raccoons scurrying outside
He sees a spider in the corner of the room. Just sitting in its web
94
The Boy doesn't particularly like or dislike spiders. They're everywhere in the house. It's a big house and it's right next to a reserve. But something about this spider sitting there...it really bothers him. It makes him mad. He can hear the spider. Just sitting there. Getting louder
I'm going to describe it as emotional tinnitus: when everything is silent and quiet, you can see the empty web you're in. It is annoying. Which is the slowest form of torture
...The Boy gets up
CUT TO:
INT. CAR - NIGHT
The Boy drives. I'm not sure where he's driving. He's not sure where he's driving
He drives about an hour out into some industrial wasteland-looking nook of Los Angeles
He parks his car
[VISUAL]
Then, barefoot, he sits on the roof of his car and watches the cars pass. Bright lights grow to an explosion then fade out as they pass. He goes into his pocket and holds the "hackz" flash drive that we saw on his desk at the beginning
Someone spray painted "ROSCOE'S WETSUIT" on the side of the bridge. The Boy is not surprised. It's not making more sense, but it's becoming more dependable, which is always nice
The Boy realizes he hasn't eaten all day. Maybe that's what's wrong
CUT TO:
EXT. FATBURGER - NIGHT
The Boy orders a burger in the drive thru
A skinny Latino kid with a Bluetooth hands him the bag. The Boy pulls over to the side and opens the bag. He looks at the burger for a moment
The Boy throws the burger out
CUT TO:
INT. MANSION - NIGHT
The Boy walks through the house; locking all the doors and turning off all the lights. It's always a weird feeling to walk around the house at night because most of the walls are glass, so people can see right inside, especially when it's dark. It's pretty hard to even get to the house, it's the highest home on the hill and there's a long winding road before . But at the same time, if someone got up there, it'd be easy to figure out how to get in
All the lights are off now
The Boy walks over to The Buddha in the middle of the foyer. He sits on the floor next to him with his knees to his chest. Looking out the front door into half the darkness and half his reflection. He used to be terrified of this Buddha. When he was little, he'd run behind the statue like it would jump on him as soon as he past. But He slowly became something like a best friend. Something like that
INT. THE BOY'S ROOM - NIGHT
The Boy pours Pelligrino into a wine glass. Then he continues to twist his metal weed grinder in his hand. He takes the top off the grinder and pours the white powder inside the glass. He drinks it, then sits on the foot of the bed and takes off his white T-shirt
Pulling the covers over his body, he looks at the spider in the corner...only it was gone. Where'd it go? Why would it leave? What about its parents? Won't they be sad? What a bout hi s frien ds? W hat ab o u t all his s t uf f h o w wa s h esu p p ose d to ke e p all h is s ... . . . . .....
All she needed was some
At a Clippers' game on the court-side
Watch a nigga' shoot like a .4-5
They mad at me, too, I got more fire
Why these bitches see you "go home, Roger" (Go home, Roger)
Tia and Tamara in my bed I'm a smart guy
I ain't fucking with you niggas like apartheid
Hits on my list, check my archive
I'm something so immaculate
Instead of asking what's happenin' and rather blastin'
Jackson 5 in the back of an Acura, acting blacker
Than a Bernie Mac, two Charlie Murphys and Akon
The girls that you brought man, where are they from?
Where are they from? We were playin' Playstation
Why you standin' there, say som', girl say som'
No, this ain't a vacation, this is my house, my house
All she needed was some
Bought a new bath, 8K, nigga
Wanna take shots? AK, nigga
When I ball, I'mma ball King James, nigga
Uncle Ben in my hand, make change, nigga
And I'm out of this world like Tang, nigga
That's a space bar, man, I hate y'all
You only come around when you want to play pool in my hot tub
Ice cream paint job in the garage
I had a menage, and murdered the vag'
But, afterwards, it was awkward as fuck
Cause I'm nervous as fuck and could not get it up
I-I-I-I-I need a minute, cold water to the face
I-I-I couldn't finish, got the uber from her place
On my porch smoking vapor, hit with the Sunday paper
Listening to the neighbors
All she needed was some
Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god
Our neighbors
All alone, no no no no
[Big Trouble (Tyler the Creator)]
Y'all better watch out
Cause big trouble's on the mic now
I knock all of your lights out
With my verse, y'all be cursed, explodin' like some fireworks
Bow!
[Blitz Comet (Tyler the Creator)]
Blitz Comet on the scene
You step to me and you're gonna get creamed
Corn all up in your teeth, you reek
You're the opposite of chic ya freak
Your rhymes are like antiques, nobody wants 'em
They throw 'em all away
Rhymin' from the get go like your brain is on delay
Matter of fact, yo, you better get a checkup
Go ask your doctor, why you be so ugly from the neck up?
[Pops]
Excuse me
A hug can be the most wonderful thing
Two arms wrapped around you like a mother's wing
But we're so selfish when we are blue
Doesn't a hug deserve a hug too?
Thank you
[Alpha Dog (Childish Gambino)]
Yeah, Crew Crew's comin' at ya
Say it twice, don't forget it, y'all better catch up
To where we're at
You're behind the times, can't compete with our dope rhymes
So you better say your goodbyes
We got Francois, Blitz Comet, B-Tron the Jersey kid on the beats
You know we rocks it, Demolition, the dopest girl on the mic
And Alpha Dog, I bark the truth, my verses be all nice and tight
So now you know who we are
Crew Crew is the crew shining brighter than a Quasar
But you're bizarre
Yes you sir, are a loser
So cover up that freakish dome and head back home and take your poems
[Rigby]
Hey Mordecry, or I mean Mordecai
Didn't mean to diss you, please don't run away and hide
Saw you sobbin' at that movie A Very Happy Bride
Here, I'll pass you a tissue, try and have some male pride
Cause the ladies don't like your sensitive side
Like Margaret, for example, but I guess that's implied
She won't get with you, she just won't get with you
Not gonna get with you, Never gonna get with you
[Pops]
What is this place, this magical field
It's wide and it's open, nothing's concealed
It's scenic and peaceful for us to enjoy
Why, this is the park! Good show, old boy!
A place of great beauty for plenty to use
It inspires us all, so go spread the news
To man, woman, child, or begging cowboy
This is the park! Good show, old boy!
The key to this place puts a smile on your face
It is the people that it does employ
Why, this is the park! Good show, old boy!
[Skips]
Mordecai Rigby
Friends don't let down other friends
You guys are losers
[Pops]
Your attitude is unappealing, some would say quite rude
Your shoes are...colorful
[Alpha Dog (Childish Gambino)]
Come on tough guy, why are you tongue-tied
Watch out everybody, looks like grandpa's 'bout to cry
[Mordecai and Rigby]
Weathering a righteous storm, the rainiest of days
Friends stick together through thick and thin, always
We're sorry Pops, we were acting like fools
We hope you can forgive us for being complete tools
Your poems aren't lame, they're really works of art
If we're gonna win this battle, we gotta do it from the heart
[Pops]
Let's do this!
Beauty is in the center of all that you see
Simple, yet complex and fully textured
And beauty be a part of all that you be
For you are the best rhymers that I've ever heard!
[Demolition (MC Lyte)]
Why you talkin' 'bout beauty man
Don't understand what that's got to do with you, fool
You guys are like spoiled hams in a can
Super bland, expiration date's overdue
[Rigby]
The canning of meat is quite a sweet treat
So thanks for comparing us so
Your words are inspiring, ideas so concrete
You really put on quite a show!
[Blitz Comet (Tyler the Creator)]
Okay, hold up, you wanna talk words and verbs?
But your face is distracting, so ugly it bugs me
Take care of that mess and sweep it under the rug please
So trust me, you're only taking matters from bad to worse
Only solution is to turn around and reverse
[Mordecai]
A gift to us, new perspective on things
Life looking different from where you stand true
So much to discover, so spread your wings
And take flight for a birds-eye view
[Alpha Dog (Childish Gambino)]
Okay, this be gettin' serious
You guys are delirious, are you hearin' this?
Talkin' 'bout positive things, but you ain't got no game
And it's plain to see, your strange to me, cause we be
Shining like diamonds, y'all be petty cash
Nice mustache, conquistadors be wanting it back
In fact, what are you?
A rat, a squirrel, some kind of fat meercat who thinks he's rad
And look at that, your bird friend's dropping words absurd again
Useless bits of rhymes that expose the nerd in him
You think Alpha Dog is gonna lay down and let you win?
Head be all inflated, I guess, just like a giant blimp
[Pops]
It's been some time since I felt this way
Challenged by such worthy opponents
Your rhyme-scheme is good, but you're missing a few components
You may say things that hurt, or some that will sting
But for you, it's all just posturing
Look inside and be true to some real feelings
And the world will be yours, I'm assuring
So I thank you, good sirs, for this great contest
It's certainly been lots of fun
But there's nothing you can say to put me to rest
So really, I've already won
Where we were, kinda thing, betcha crawl, all alone
Who am I?
Rec League, I ain't payin' to ball
Y'all B-string like a broke guitar
And I still put it down like the family dog
Yeah, I murder some, I murder one
Explain it all, Ferguson
We ain't gotta sing the same old love song
Cut a white girl with the same black gloves on
Yeah what you saying to it?
Old money look new money go do it
Make 'em turn around in their lane like a U-ey
And I'm only looking back if I'm looking at her booty
(At her Booty)
What's the rationale?
They wanna smoke a niggas when they Black & Mild
So we acting out
Ok cool
Where we were, kinda thing, betcha crawl, all alone
Blue dream by the bouquet 'til I'm blue faced on a Tuesday
(Can I have some?)
#NiggasBeLike
Put a plus eighteen on that e-vite
And I said what I felt, no re-write
Nah nah, they can't hold me
June/July, drop something
I double dare you, I'm Marc Summers
I scorch winters, I burn autumns
Gut niggas, so Kurt Vonne
Elle Varner, got a crush on her
I gotta wait in line for that
Ain't nobody got time for that
Ain't nobody gotta rhyme with that
Too true like 2 Chainz
Blue Blood like he both gangs
Man made the web, you don't need a name
Man made of faults, I ain't too ashamed
Every thought I had, put it in a box
Everybody see it just before the cops
Trolling, trolling, trolling these niggas
Rick Rolling these niggas, they mad cause they don't know any better
"Hold up, it's the kid, quick, tell him he can't sit with us"
Fuck it, got money, bought friends like I'm TBS
VVS, I can see it all with the clarity
Real-D, hope they dig a nigga before they bury me
Even though, we were told to go where they wouldn't go
Hella slow, that's that dial up, watch it pile up
Andrew Auernheimer
Pulling on her weave
It's that Andrew Auernheimer
Andrew Auernheimer
Pulling on her weave
It's that Andrew Auernheimer
Andrew Auernheimer
Pulling on her weave
It's that Andrew Auernheimer
Andrew Auernheimer
Pulling on her weave
It's that Andrew Auernheimer
We are the dreams of our parents lost in the future
Who hide the deepest desires and wear a mask like a lucha-
Door open, we were smoking in the hotel
The vapors went through the hallway, the manager pissed as hell
I mean where's the line between Donnie G and Gambino?
He hang with girls like he Lena, but needed some time to re up
Tequila in the cantina, 30 dollars I swallowed
The sauce was so malo then she said "you need to grow up
You been doing this for too long
That camp was a million years ago, sing me a different song"
Whether you're trolling or controlling, just a reminder
You think you get it, you don't, it's the Andrew Auernheimer
I'm gone, now I'm back
Give a fuck or give 'em hell, just not a chance to react
Tyler Durden this burden, hurtin', they said there was curtains
Certain demise, look in his eyes, the pain inadvertent
I could've stayed where I was and have a life you'd be proud of
But I'd rather chase things never thought of
It was all love, saying "go hard"
Making dope, it's a trap, Ackbar backfired
Panic dreams, so it seems we're meant to die
I had to figure it out, "it's the best," no, that's a lie
Had to get some stuff off my chest, I vaporized
High on my own, it took time to realize
Because the internet, mistakes are forever
But if we fuck up on this journey, at least we're together
Man, I wish I could go back and tell that kid it's make-believe
Make 'em believe in themselves, people who needed my help
Feelings I felt, keeling myself
No one's ever been this lost
I just get the information retweeted or say it sucks
I just got the motivation, your talent's just a bunch of luck
Hard work and dedication, but lately it's run amok
Waking up in these places I don't remember
Texts from people I never met, doors left open
(Who are you? Don't do it. Who are you?)
I don't know who I am anymore
Still on the beat though
Still in the game, but he moves with a cheat code
Slowest connection ever, my life inside a computer
Them bands that'll make 'em dance, my wallet's Lollapalooza
The violence, first-person shooter
First person to move, first person to speak
My mils aren't meek, they scream in the streets
Losing my frame of reference, these pieces are shit with breakfast
Funny the day you born that's really your death sentence
I met this girl at a dinner, we conversating
She beautiful in the face, but her voice is truly amazing
And plus she write her own shit, becoming so close knit
Smoke up and talking to eat, she helping me focus
No Anna Nicole Smith, she getting hers
Niggas taking props like a musical live and learn
She say she feel alone all the time, I'm similar
I meet her in my dreams on the moon, I visit her
Every night I text her "I wanna solve the world, I think I need your help"
She text me "how you gon' trust somebody when you don't trust yourself?"
I mean she right though, 45 like a light-bulb
And I could've died like my iPhone, but I kept going like a psycho
And I took chance like a dice roll, dropping jewels like it's puberty
Wrote a note on the glass, "you see what these labels do to me"
Texts said "I'm Wet", I said "hold up, wait up a minute"
H2O plus my D, that's the hood I'm living in it
Never forget this feeling, never gonna reach a million
Eventually all my followers realize they don't need a leader
Stay on your own shit, fuck what these clones think
Just remember that you the shit, but act like it don't stink
We were childish but had to grow up
When you spitting real shit eventually you throw up
Realities like allergies, I'm afraid to go nuts
Life's the biggest troll but the joke is on us
Yeah, the joke's you showed up
You're here now. You have to help me
You have to help me
I need you. You have to help me
You have to help me
You have to help me
Please help me
Please help me
Please
Please help me
[Hook]
Ohhh no no no no
(She said) no no no no
Love me better, kiss me back, Listen more oh
Love me better, kiss me back, listen more
Love me better, kiss me back, listen more
Yeah, no no no
[Verse 1]
Face down in the brown grass
Same shame on my brown ass
The birds in the trees as we run through
And if I'm dead to the world, what you gon' do? What you gon' do?
Like, (I can't remember), Shot's fired, rewind, please bitch be mine
Email denied, talk to me baby
Before we go crazy, might do it baby
We were so Jay Z & Beyonce, my aunt say "keep the sex game pecante"
So Aunt May, the Mary Jane what we're hitting on
We were trying to forget there was something wrong
Love is Russian roulette, I had the safety on
We popped pills at the Cochella
Put my hand on her knees, man I can't tell her
The feels that I feel man it might kill her
Man it might kill her, it's a prep school it might kill her
When they jumped the dude (?) kill 'em
I don't care what he say
I'ma give my platinum back like I'm a half (?) gold thriller
You can but hommie I don't know
But your boy sound week like a weak ago
But we ain't speaking though (x2)
[Hook]
Tuesday afternoon, I ain't got shit to do
Gon' fall in love with you (x2)
Love me better, kiss me back, Listen more oh
Love me better, kiss me back, listen more
Love me better, kiss me back, listen more
Yeah, no no no
[Bridge]
I hope you understand, I hope you understand
I hope you understand now
When that beat drop
Oh no no no
(I hope you understand) I hope you understand
Love me better, kiss me back, Listen more oh
Love me better, kiss me back, listen more
Love me better, kiss me back, listen more
Yeah, no no no
Face down in the brown grass
Shame shame on my brown ass
Birds in the trees as we run through
And if I'm dead to the world, what you gon' do? What you gon' do?
Like, (I can't remember)
Shots fired, rewind, please, girl, be mine
Email denied, talk to me baby
Before I go crazy, might do it maybe
We were so Jay Z & Beyonce, my aunt say "keep the sex game picante"
The Aunt May and Mary Jane that I was hitting on
We were trying to forget that there was something wrong
Love is Russian roulette, I had the safety on
We popped pills at the Coachella
Hold my head in the weeds, man I can't tell her
The fear that I feel man it might kill her
Man, it might kill her, it's the prep school mic killa'
With the drums and the groove so it feel Dilla
I don't care what he say
I'ma get my platinum back like I'm a half ton gorilla
You can hang with homie on the low
But your boy so weak like a week ago
But we ain't speaking though
Tuesday afternoon, I ain't got shit to do
But fall in love with you
Tuesday afternoon, I ain't got shit to do
But fall in love with you
Love me better, kiss me back, Listen more oh
Love me better, kiss me back, listen more
Love me better, kiss me back, Listen more oh
Love me better, kiss me back, listen more
Love me better, kiss me back, listen more
Yeah, no no no
Face down in the brown grass
Shame shame on my brown ass
Birds in the trees as we run through
And if I'm dead to the world, what you gon' do? What you gon' do?
Like, (I can't remember)
Shots fired, rewind, please, girl, be mine
Email denied, talk to me baby
Before I go crazy, might do it maybe
We were so Jay Z & Beyonce, my aunt say "keep the sex game picante"
The Aunt May and Mary Jane that I was hitting on
We were trying to forget that there was something wrong
Love is Russian roulette, I had the safety on
We popped pills at the Coachella
Hold my head in the weeds, man I can't tell her
The fear that I feel man it might kill her
Man, it might kill her, it's the prep school mic killa'
With the drums and the groove so it feel Dilla
I don't care what he say
I'ma get my platinum back like I'm a half ton gorilla
You can hang with homie on the low
But your boy so weak like a week ago
But we ain't speaking though
Tuesday afternoon, I ain't got shit to do
But fall in love with you
Tuesday afternoon, I ain't got shit to do
But fall in love with you
Love me better, kiss me back, Listen more oh
Love me better, kiss me back, listen more
*******[PLAY SONG "PINK TOES" AT THIS POINT]*******
[VISUAL]
This is the part where they kinda fall in love a little bit. But I feel like anything we put here wouldn't do justice to what really happens when a person you meet ends up in your life out of nowhere. But know that it's exactly how you expect it to be, but also more. It's a big inside joke that you can't mess up and only one other person in the world gets
It's not a very pretty or perfect love, or even necessarily a romantic love. It doesn't look cool. It's more like two helpless things in the wild, and one says "I'll protect you", and both parties know it's a lie because there's no way either of them can protect the other from anything. That lie is the best way to describe this love. That feeling of not having to say "I'm scared", because you share the exact feelings without having words over or under complicate it, that's worth more than protection. It's a connection. The less alone. This is all we look for on earth
The Boy and Naomi hang a lot. They spend the night and make breakfast sometimes. He buys stuff for her. She makes him stuff. They watch cartoons together. They're always saying things, giving opinions, feeling interesting. They both have a purpose. It's a great time. Time passes
The Boy starts moving small amounts of weed out the mansion, but starts selling more to keep up, along with stuff that isn't weed. He started growing crop in the nursery. The electricity bill would be high, but he stopped living in the mansion. He started renting another place to stay and keep the business separate
To be honest it was getting a little out of hand, as Naomi predicted. The Boy is not a good dealer. A lot of people think you have to be cold and calculated, which he was to an extent. But you also have to know people. How they act/react. But it was still kinda fun up to this point
Then:
INT. RENTAL HOME - DAY
The Boy is washing dishes as Naomi stands next to him. They just had lunch
 NAOMI: Howbout'sm China, IL?
THE BOY: Can't
NAOMI: Can't why?
THE BOY: I got a run to do
NAOMI: Oh
Silence
NAOMI (CONT'D): I thought you were having other guys do that now
THE BOY: I am. Fam can't do this one
NAOMI: If you're putting up the money you shouldn't be making the run
THE BOY: I don't really trust anyone else to do it
NAOMI: You don't really trust anyone
THE BOY: I trust you
NAOMI: You shouldn't
The Boy stops. She got em
THE BOY: You're right
NAOMI: I don't want to be right. I wanna help you
THE BOY (said dumb): "I don't wanna be right"
She doesn't laugh. He hopes she's LOLing inside. Cellphone vibrates on the counter across from them. The Boy goes over and reads the text
 THE BOY (CONT'D): I gotta go
NAOMI: Alright
THE BOY: You okay?
NAOMI: I'm fine
THE BOY: Is that a fake "I'm fine"
NAOMI: No. It's what "I'm fine" always means
Nothing real is ever "fine". Remember this
 THE BOY: I'll be back
He walks out. They don't see each other anymore
EXT. I-10 - DAY
The Boy is driving down the highway listening to "Danny Glover" by Young Thug
EXT. MANSION - DAY
The car parks in the driveway. There are three cars already there. When he pulls up, he's playing "Made in America" by JAY Z and Kanye. When it goes off, he continues singing his version while walking up
 THE BOY: Sweet Cream Havarti/ Sweet Mozzarella/ Sweet Cheez-its. They're made in America/ Sweet Bowl of Cheez-its/ Ohhhhh-oohhhhh-
Four dudes are standing waiting at the front door
Something is wrong
The Boy stops singing and stands there in front of the dudes. They look at him. Alone
They all pull out 45s
****[PLAY SONG "EARTH: THE OLDEST COMPUTER" AT THIS POINT]****
INT. MANSION - DAY
They all walk in
 DUDE 1: Where the packs?
THE BOY: In that closet
DUDE 1: Sit over there
[VISUAL]
The Boy sits in the living room. Maybe he could run out the back? Where though? They're at the top of a mountain. If someone heard a shot in this neighborhood, they'd call the police immediately. Unfortunately, there isn't a police department in the Palisades. He'd be waiting for the Santa Monica department, which would take a minute
The feeling The Boy had now was shockingly similar to the feeling he got at his own parties. People he didn't know or like casually walking through his home and him having to pretend everything is "fine", or that they don't have all the power
Maybe he could text Fam
 DUDE 1 (CONT'D): Give me your phone
The Boy hands him his phone. Fuck
Two dudes stand guard at the front and back exits. One dude packs the bricks from the closet in a trash bag. Dude 1 (seems to be the leader) is looking through The Boy's phone
It didn't feel like the day The Boy was going to die. Not to say The Boy didn't feel like he was going to die, he was certain he was going to die today. But he didn't feel like today felt like a/the last day/night. Like a Wednesday that keeps feeling like a Friday. But the more he thought about it, if the last day felt like the last day, the world would be a different place. The order we have everyday would vanish if you were guaranteed a warning. People wouldn't live like they do. They wouldn't care what you thought. It'd be anarchy. Or a utopia. Depending on who you ask
Dude 1 puts The Boy's phone in his pocket. The Boy doesn't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing. Dude 1 and Dude 2 start talking. It's obvious they're discussing The Boy's fate
If I was the director, the one who made this moment, the one who saw this moment millennia before, the one who coded this world and allowed this to happen, I'd have Thundercat's "We'll Die" playing as The Boy looks around at his once castle
...try to do your best
Oh! It's like Tony Montana. But resigned and, frankly, more realistic, cause it's boring. Everybody dies. Most of them are boring
All the dudes walk out except Dude 2. He stays. Dude 1 still has his phone as he walks out. The Boy realizes this action is bad
 DUDE 2: Toss me your wallet
This is bad. The Boy tosses the wallet. Dude 2 looks through it
 THE BOY: Can I drown?
Dude 2 looks up
 THE BOY (CONT'D): I just want to die how I want
There's a pool out there. You're supposed to get this wave of euphoria when you drown. Supposed to be good
Dude 2 stares
 THE BOY (CONT'D): I could just float there. They'd find me
Dude 2 starts to walks over...
(Does it change anything when you're aware of your last thoughts?)
Dude 2 sits next to him
 DUDE 2: We've been watching you for a while. You're very sloppy
He's a cop. This nigga's a cop
 DUDE 2 (CONT'D): I'm just gonna stay here with you for a minute. My guys are picking up those guys up the street
THE BOY: Oh
Silence
 THE BOY (CONT'D): I'm going to jail?
DUDE 2: Yep
The Boy looks to the pool in the backyard and sees his own body floating lifeless
[VISUAL]
Eyes wide, bubbles clinging to his face. Orange, yellow, and brown leaves float above him. His left shoe floating far ahead, probably from struggling at some point. Next to the pool, Naomi and Steve stand over him. Neither is crying or really seem too upset. They just look on as if the movie they were watching took an abrupt turn and they're mildly interested rather than satisfied
It looks peaceful. Fitting. He'd like to go out like that
...what's that sound?
Tires SCREECH outside. Dude 2 stands up. There's a small crash outside. Yelling
 VOICE: FREEZE!
GUNSHOTS
The Boy and Dude 2 look at each other
Dude 1 kicks open the door. He starts firing. Dude 2 falls. A mist of red puff spurts from his chest. He's screaming
Dude 1 turns to The Boy and sho
...(breath).....(breath).............(breath)..
Silence
*****[PLAY SONG "LIFE: THE BIGGEST TROLL" AT THIS POINT]*****
[VISUAL]
THE END
Watching haters wonder why Gambino got the game locked
Half-Thai thickie, all she wanna do is Bangkok
Got her hair done, French braids, now she A$AP
Bino so insensitive, she asking, "Why you say that?!"
I'm chillin', real nigga feeling
Rich kid, asshole: paint me as a villain
Still spitting that cash flow: DJ Khaled
I got a penthouse on both coasts, pH balance
Real nigga, I rep those, why though? Cause I said so
Hip deep in the Pepto, I got five on her like Ben Folds
I got more tail than that PetCo, you faker than some Sweet'N Low
Yeah, you got some silverware, but really are you eating though?
Are you eating though? Nigga, are you eating though?
Breakfast, lunch and dinner's for beginners, you ain't even know
Never catching cases, why they faces look so e-m-o?
Watch a hater hate me, wanna play me like a piano
My architect know Japanese, yo' girl, she jocking me
No hands like soccer teams and y'all fuck boys like Socrates
You niggas ain't copping these, niggas ain't looking like me
Nah, I ain't checking I.D. but I bounce 'em with no problem
Tell 'em, Problem (Problem!)
I'm winnin', yeah, yeah, I'm winnin' [x3}
Rich kid, asshole, paint me as a villain
Don't be mad cause I'm doing me better than you doing you [x3]
Better than you doing you, fuck it, what you gon' do?
Different color, my passport, Instagram my stack load
Hashtag my day wear and your girl drink my day care
And I'm born rich, life ain't fair (silver spoon coon, ho)
Ain't nobody sicker and my Fisker, "vroom, vroom," ho
Ain't nobody
Fiskers don't make noise when they start up just so you know
Top of the Hold 'em totem, ri-rich forever, a million was not the quota
My father owned half of MoMA and did it with no diploma
Year off, got no rules, tripping off of them toadstools
More green than my Whole Foods and I'm too fly, Jeff Goldblum
Got a glass house in the Palisades, that a-k-a
White hood, white hood, (okay-kay-kay)
Furniture custom, you shop at IKEA
So Maserati, you whipping a Kia
Spending this money, it's longer than Nia
Live like a Coppola, me and Sofia
Waking up broke, man, wouldn't wanna be ya
Friends with the dope man, help a nigga re-up
Bring a girlfriend, man, trouble when I see her
"Err-err-err-err": onomatopoeia, oh, I got my cool on! (Tell 'em, mane)
I'm winning so they had to dump the Gatorade
And I don't give a fuck about my family name
Don't be mad cause I'm doing me better than you doing you [x3]
Better than you doing you, fuck it, what you gon' do?
Rainbows, sunshine, everywhere I go
Rainbows, sunshine, go
Rainbows, sunshine
Rainbows, sunshine
I thought I told you 'bout it
(Act like you know)
You don't leave home without it
(Move that kilo)
She on my back about it
(C3PO)
And all the time, ohh
(Act like you know)
How could you ever question? They know better to mention
The Budget truck ain't just enough to make her pay attention
The who, what, why, and where, they sport the flyest pairs
She got the nicest hair, and she know life is better with this liquor
It's crazy how the world look different
It's crazy how the girls look different
The colors and the sounds so vivid
You never catch your boy po-pimpin'
Me sittin' on the sidewalk, now that don't sound right
But as long as I look fly by prom night, go
Rainbows, sunshine
Rainbows, sunshine
Rainbows, sunshine
Rainbows, sunshine
He slangs, his yay, through the corridors
Every day, 20 K, yep, at the very least for sure
And they say there's no way I should stay with someone like you
But I tell them no
There's no way I could stray, gotta stay with someone like you
Cause I know one day, you could take me away, far away
I know you could pay all the money you made
There'll be plenty of sunshine
I never worry 'bout it
(Act like you know)
I have my nigga count it
(Back up them O's)
She's dressed up in gold
Dressed up in gold
(C3PO)
I'm out of time
(Act like you know)
I'm out of time
(Go)
When we were coming down they said it was too soon
I never had to lie no no no no
We were coming down, they left us all alone
Way to nowhere, nowhere. I know you've been around
I feel you better now, how are you?
Do you sleep? Are you with me?
We used to be unspoken
Now everything is broken
I'm a good son
I'm a good son
You're a good son
You're a good son
Arlanda hotel to the bar
Young girl with an accent with her back bent
Ass out to the whole world
We can buy it out for tonight
Stepping outside for a light
No coke, and I just smoke vapor, no papers
Slow poke and I don't know about photos
Let's go though
How old are you?
Saying that you never date older dudes
That's why I never wanna say no to you
The coldest dude to hold a grove with no kids
Can't hold his goose
I'ma walk out, wanna walk too?
What about dude?
Fuck 'em, I just wanna feel something
It took my like five minutes to figure out what voices those were on the phone
But it figured it out
Is it real, cause you're on live
Is it real, cause you're on live
Is it real, cause you're on live
Is it real, cause you're on live
I'm a freaky bitch
I'm 5 foot 8, 390
And I am a freaky bitch
Heathen
It's a struggle just to keep breathing
Existential asthmatic, puff puff pass addict
Crafmatic, making moves but they sleeping on me
We can kick it like it's FIFA, homie
Nevertheless, I got that fresh like it was Crest
Crying cause I'm stressed. TMJ or TMI, it's a lie that you're living
I never understood the hate on a nigga's preference
When every marriage is a same sex marriage
Same sex everyday, monotonous
Lost god never pray, forgotten us
Lost love, never say just like our parents
Too much power ain't enough power
Brain splattered like I've fallen off a Watchtower
Any anybody can walk into any Denny's
And wait until I'm walking in it with a gun that they 3D printed and I finish it
Kinison said if you gonna miss heaven
Why miss it by two inches?
Old money and new bitches (Old money and new bitches)
Don't go, gotta know
Please don't run away
I'm a murderer
What can I say?
Don't go, gotta know
Please don't run away
I'm a murderer
What does that change?
Can't sleep
3 A.M., stare at the ceilin', murder the feelin'
Spider crawl in the corner, brown recluse
So appropriate, cornucopia
So be it, say I'm over it
Playin' Lil Durk, "Dis Ain't What U Want"
Look at my feet, I put my sneakers in the trunk
Pass a Fatburger through Atwater
Laugh for a minute, couldn't cry for the life of me
Park by the bridge, sit on the hood, look at the cars
Stare at my hands, look at the moon, I can't find it, it's gone
What's wrong? Didn't respond when I texted you last night, you alright? Yeah
Don't go, gotta know
Please don't run away
I'm a murderer
What can I say?
Don't go, gotta know
Please don't run away
I'm a murderer
What does that change?
Man there's a star bound to a body inside of me
20 million degrees, burn a man to his knees
Late at night in a hurry bought a McFlurry and half of an apple pie
When I'm laughin', I'm satisfied, when I'm dyin', I'm still alive, strange position
I'm in a good mood so good I'mma kill that spider
Them kinda things they told me I no longer do that, but now you finally get it admit it
Go home, lock the door, watch cartoons for an hour turn off the lights, look at the recluse
Look at the recluse
Look at the recluse
Look at the rec
Don't go, gotta know
Please don't run away
I'm a murderer
What can I say?
Don't go, gotta know
Please don't run away
I'm a murderer
What does that change?
(Don't go, don't go, don't go)
(Don't go) Don't go
Don't go, don't go, don't go
[Intro- Abed/Danny Pudi]
What if you were a Jehovah's witness
That was merely pretending to be into Christmas
Gathering clues and blending in
To take down the holidays from within
[Troy Barnes]
You mean like a spy investigating?
Making it seem like I'm celebrating?
When actually I'm infiltrating
Santa's operation?
[Abed/Danny Pudi]
Yoip!
[Verse 1: Troy Barnes]
Going deep covert, past enemy lines
Making everybody think I'm on the Christmas side
Rocking warm sweaters, hanging big ass lights
If the fat man can see me, yo it's gotta look bright
I'd watch all the T.V. specials that I never could
I'll even cry during the sad ones, like James Bond would
And when the big night comes it's time to set the bait
Cold milk, Hot cookies, decorative plate!
And he'll come down the chimney it'll just be him and me
But he won't know we're enemies cause I play sincere
Bring a trap like that, hug him tight get on his lap and tell him
He can come back every year
Cause I am Jehovah's most secret witness
So I might have to dedicate my life to Christmas
And act just like I love it 'till the day I die
[Abed/danny pudi]
A-B-E-D
Connoisseur of Christmas
On the spectrum, none of your business
Thoughts too fast to comprehend
Just wanna do right, by my friends
If years were seasons, this December
Would be the December of our December
More blueprints than Howard Hughes
But if there are blue prints, how do we choose?
We have to be happy to get to the end
We have to save Christmas to save our friends
[Both]
We have to save Christmas to save our friends
We have to save Christmas to save our friends
[Annie/ Alison Brie]
Hey guys
Rapping?
Watching haters wonder why Gambino got the game locked
Half-Thai thickie, all she wanna do is Bangkok
Got her hair done, French braids, now she A$AP
Bino so insensitive, she asking, "Why you say that?!"
I'm chillin', real nigga feeling
Rich kid, asshole: paint me as a villain
Still spitting that cash flow: DJ Khaled
I got a penthouse on both coasts, pH balance
Real nigga, I rep those, why though? Cause I said so
Hip deep in the Pepto, I got five on her like Ben Folds
I got more tail than that PetCo, you faker than some Sweet'N Low
Yeah, you got some silverware, but really are you eating though?
Are you eating though? Nigga, are you eating though?
Breakfast, lunch and dinner's for beginners, you ain't even know
Never catching cases, why they faces look so e-m-o?
Watch a hater hate me, wanna play me like a piano
My architect know Japanese, yo' girl, she jocking me
No hands like soccer teams and y'all fuck boys like Socrates
You niggas ain't copping these, niggas ain't looking like me
Nah, I ain't checking I.D. but I bounce 'em with no problem
Tell 'em, Problem (Problem!)
I'm winnin', yeah, yeah, I'm winnin' [x3}
Rich kid, asshole, paint me as a villain
Don't be mad cause I'm doing me better than you doing you [x3]
Better than you doing you, fuck it, what you gon' do?
Different color, my passport, Instagram my stack load
Hashtag my day wear and your girl drink my day care
And I'm born rich, life ain't fair (silver spoon coon, ho)
Ain't nobody sicker and my Fisker, "vroom, vroom," ho
Ain't nobody
Fiskers don't make noise when they start up just so you know
Top of the Hold 'em totem, ri-rich forever, a million was not the quota
My father owned half of MoMA and did it with no diploma
Year off, got no rules, tripping off of them toadstools
More green than my Whole Foods and I'm too fly, Jeff Goldblum
Got a glass house in the Palisades, that a-k-a
White hood, white hood, (okay-kay-kay)
Furniture custom, you shop at IKEA
So Maserati, you whipping a Kia
Spending this money, it's longer than Nia
Live like a Coppola, me and Sofia
Waking up broke, man, wouldn't wanna be ya
Friends with the dope man, help a nigga re-up
Bring a girlfriend, man, trouble when I see her
"Err-err-err-err": onomatopoeia, oh, I got my cool on! (Tell 'em, mane)
I'm winning so they had to dump the Gatorade
And I don't give a fuck about my family name
Don't be mad cause I'm doing me better than you doing you [x3]
Better than you doing you, fuck it, what you gon' do?
See now I don't wanna see an era, an era, an era
See now I just wanna live forever, and ever
Maybe it's the last night
Maybe it's the last night
When the world was with this and that
I was young, didn't know to hold it back
Now we here and the world is something else
We could leave any day you call for help
We were gods, nobody was above me
That "A" on my chest like adultery
That "A" on my chest, put your fist up
That "A" on my chest like a chipmunk
Alvin, Theodore
Breathe in, breathe out, mi amor
Breathe in, breathe out, nevermind
It was time, number nine, lies
Feline with a deathwish
E-vite didn't help shit
No name on the guest list
Hold on, we're destined
See now I don't wanna see an era (an era)
See now I just wanna live forever, and ever
Maybe it's the last night
Maybe it's the last night
Maybe it's the last night
Maybe it's the last night
Yeah, break free from all of the insides
They godless, denied us
But we don't give a damn about the next day
We were never here, never know if the world change
Common sense, the consequences
Retweet the tweet then regret the mentions
We are the wireless survivors of things gone
Slaves to the unnamed, never live long
Live and die by the line, never know fear
Even I won't survive, is it unfair?
Is it unfair? Cause I don't care
When I step on that ant on the grass
Progress the only thing that will last
3005. The year that we fear, only God will survive
To be alone is alive
See now I don't wanna see an era, an era, an era
See now I just wanna live forever, and ever
Maybe it's the last night
Maybe it's the last night
Maybe it's the last night
Maybe it's the last night
Maybe it's the last night
See now I don't wanna see an era, an era, an era
See now I just wanna live forever, and ever
Maybe it's the last night
Maybe it's the last night
Maybe it's the last night
Maybe it's the last night
Maybe it's the last night
She got that body, oh me oh my
Send them pics to my phone, GPOY
She got that body, oh me oh my
Send them pics to my phone, GPOY
[Intro]
I know it's your first
I will try to be gentle
My love....
[Verse 1]
Worst rapper to ever spit on an open mic
Worst rapper to ever get on so many likes
Worst rapper to ever blow up and over night
And when my D swell my D-12 friends, but Obie Trice
Young, black and gifted but he still in America
Heard the flow was getting better, is he sleeping with Erykah?
They passing me they demos, these rappers, I think it's funny
Cause they tryna get my demo, young white kids with money
I promise, worst rapper, iTunes most played
It's just me and both Macs, self made, self paid
Headlines saying he leaving to be a rapper
But niggas saying, "This dummy; he's eating off of his acting, I mean
Who the fuck wanna be a rapper, it's stupid," I mean
Who knew every rapper with a new crew
Wanna do shit on Hulu, that's the blueprint
You drive until the lease up
I drive until it's dirty, please somebody call the Brinks truck
Yeah they know me, happy face emoji
That OG, I might OD so Avengers keep it lowkey
(AHH)
Well I'm sitting on top of the world
There's only one second secure
But I can't get it back
My life is a sham no time to react; breathe
Find solace in the fact my ball bigger
(Pause) like dog fingers
Give a fuck 'bout y'all niggas
Get the point like ball kickers
I do shit, eat good, need a toothpick
Your girl play my music so that's thumbs down to your new shit
[Verse 2]
Buddha stance in a forest on the ayahuasca
I'm as high as copters, binoculars, looking down on my confidence
Truly honest man, I wish there was more of us freaking out
I wet the bed the first night on my tour bus
God damn, what're you doing man?
I can't name a lot of rappers that you better than
He hates women and himself, I won't give him the chance
Tear myself down first to make 'em pay in advance
Heard a lot of y'all talking behind his back when he walking out
Me and Fam in the corner, what are they talking 'bout?
The same dudes who laughing after you go
Be the same dudes emailing asking you 'bout your show
It's on FX? Tight nigga
Me and my homies making flicks
Me and my homies making beats
Me and my homies making hits
Me and my homies hit the spot, roll with us, gold diggers
I don't really like those niggas, Childish like goldfishes
We saw this kid get shot up by the cops in Atlanta
They shot through his Phantom and tandem cannons were blamming him
He was standing there like 20 seconds before
Now he gasping for air, bullet holes inside of his dome
What's the point? I don't know
Why am I here? Why am I alive? Why do you care?
Living real everyday, what was your undoing?
Khalifia's first name now there's urine on him. (Eww)
Damn 'Bino why you gotta do it to em?
I'm Terio, I'm Terio, my cousin Oooohhh-ing (Oooohhh-ing)
New shit, new shit alert, never fake (Ugh)
There's levels to the shit like a wedding cake
[Outro]
My new girls so pretty that the world shine
My new girls getting kissed by the coast line
My new girl so pretty we can bovine
Worst rapper ever, how I'm giving out a cosign?
Chance The Rapper, yeah that nigga crazy
Big brother, little brother lifestyle wavy
What kind of love just stays the same?
What kind of love don't die alone?
What kind of love would take this long?
What kind of love don't make it home?
Meet me at the studio, I just want to play you something
Meet me at the studio, I just want tell you something
Cause you said it's not my heart
Even though we're far apart
Can't remember how to solve... the lies
You like to call me koala
I'll be your Simba, you're Nala
Where ever you go I'll follow, the lies
Drove for hours just to see your face... [lound sound] "Sorry."
Drove for hours just to see your face
Should have talked just if just to clear the space
But now we stare at each other, bury whatever feeling that was...
He text to keep your heart d-stacks, keep your heart
These girls are smart d-stacks these girls are smart
Don't know
Why get a dog its just gonna die?
Everything we love is just going to leave you one day
And that's just real shit he can still spit but whats the point?
I said a lot of stupid stuff.. I think that I was growing up
What kind of love don't hurt so bad?
What kind of love don't feel this way?
What kind of love would make me fall?
Little lies [x9]
@DC26
1. Which track had the most interesting story or process?
2. What do you think about when every things done and you're alone with nothing but your thoughts?
3. Which track is your favorite?
@ChildishGambino
I guess "oldest computer" mackelmore was supposed to be on it, but it became a little too house-y. then ms.banks came and made it a different song. it was cool to see
I never feel like everything's done honestly
Urn
@ChitownGuevara
What are you doing right now? ;)))
@ChildishGambino
Im hanging with notero (nicole) and eating sushi
@MyNamesCody
Are there more doors opened or closed in the entire world at this moment?
@ChildishGambino
The problem is we see doors
@brockemsockemz
1. What was your inspiration for Flight Of The Navigator?
2. Favorite collab with Chance the Rapper?
@ChildishGambino
I just felt really strange about death after seeing someone leave. i felt like it was a really cruel joke
@Skyart
1) What are you saying @2:23 on Zealots...
2) What is the meaning for some of the titles, like sweatpants
@ChildishGambino
I'm saying "wanna walk too?"
Rich people wear whatever they want
@CLOUDS
During what season did you record this album?
Spring? summer? fall? winter?
Did it have an effect on your songwriting/state of mind/et cetera?
Thnx
@ChildishGambino
I started Christmas day of last year. we were recording on this mountain above weather, so we weren't cold unless we came down. I made it with winter in mind
@streetlights
- Will you be my friend and can we eat Osso buco together?
- Can you break down some of the beats on Because The Internet?
- How much influence do you get from Kanye West?
@ChildishGambino
I am def your friend if you're good with yourself and like to talk about stuff. notero LOVES my osso bucco
@AKNC17
Sorry to get personal right away but people always ask basic ass questions in Q and A's so here it goes
I know you were raised Jehovah's Witness but do you still follow any type of religion?
@ChildishGambino
I don't really believe in religion for myself. i've become spiritual, more at peace with things. but i don't believe in god. not like that
@goochcrucible
What website do you visit the most?
@ChildishGambino
Rap genius
@TheDarkKnight
What was the meaning behind the title of "Clapping for the Wrong Reasons"?
@ChildishGambino
Its a semi famous quote
@Robertf
Donald, can you explain the greatness of Sade's debut album "Diamond Life." I would appreciate a very detailed explanation of why Sade is so great and what she means to you as an artist. If you refuse to answer this question I will take it to mean you do not enjoy the musical styling of Sade....and as such you will draw my full ire
-22 y.o male who has just gotten heavily into Sade's music
@ChildishGambino
I was literally listening to sade yesterday. she's a world artist. and her music is just in tune with whatever vibration we all run on. I can't answer a lot of your questions about her, all i can say is she's a special artist/being
@MaxGertler
What does the ending of the last song symbolize? like that life can end at any second randomly?
@ChildishGambino
You should read the 'because the internet' script when it's released
@CrookedModerator
If you could trade hairlines with another person, who would it be?
@ChildishGambino
They tell me i should fix my hairline cause i got money now
I ain't gon sit around and front like i ain't thought about it
A perfect hairline is more appealing but it's funny how
My shit is FUCKED UPPPPPPP but look how far i done got without it
I keep my HALF OF AN OCTAGON hairline fucked up just to show the kids it's real
@Kid_Kamikazee
What did your followers realize at the end of The Biggest Troll?
@ChildishGambino
They realize "they don't need a leader"
@Fran-Soul
Dude you are awesome love your music and my question is do you ever see your self touring Africa? coz that's the only way I will ever see you unless you buy me a plane ticket to see you live in the US
Pliz respond
@ChildishGambino
I really wanna see africa. we were planning on south africa soon
@WiggityWackWes
1. There were huge jumps style-wise and sonically from Camp to Royalty to Because the Internet, do you see yourself developing a "signature sound" or do you plan on keeping things experimental and constantly trying new sounds?
2. Your music has helped me through a lot and continues to, so I just wanted to take this opportunity to thank you for what you do. Thank you!
@ChildishGambino
Thanks
I always wanna experiment. in everything. i'll always try to push myself. i just never wanna be bored
@RayBeach
Do you make things that have or message or do you just let people interpret it? Kind of like 3005?
@ChildishGambino
I make things with messages for me in them. i hope they translate. sometimes they don't, and that's fine, but i usually just try to touch on something that's intangible for me
@BasedGator
Question part: What inspires you when it comes to production? I hear a lot of tradtional trap drums and sounds on the new album, which make sense since your from the south, but you didn't really do that on Camp. Then you got something like 'Zealots of Stockholm' where it gets Death Grip-ish. Is it as simple as your just finding the right sound for the lyrics or do you draw from other things?
Since your probably not going to see/respond to this, let me stan a little bit haha
Stan part: You are my role model, I can identify with your life and lyrics so well it's crazy. I really hope in 10 years I can be as successful and well respected as you. I already liked your comedy and acting, but ever since I found out you rapped and I heard that E.E. Cummings line in 'Freaks and Geeks' I was hooked. Anyway, The new album is dope as heck, great work as always sir, and I can't wait to see what you do in the future
@ChildishGambino
Ha. thanks
I try not to think to hard about what's trap drums, what's influenced by who's hot now, and all that. i try to just find what feels honest. cause i don't know if i'd wanna hear a song that was considered entire original by everyone, but was no fun to make. this album, tho it came from a messy place, was by far the most fun to make
@SavvyRJA
It sounds like you are influecnced by john lennon quite alot? care to elaborate?
@ChildishGambino
To be honest, i don't know much about him. i was always a beach boys dude over beatles. i learned a little about him through jhene
@SavvyRJA
Who is your favorite artist outside of Hip-Hop?
Perosnally, Gorillaz or Red Hot Chilli Peppers
@ChildishGambino
Anything by sam cooke
@griffinmahon
Do you think there is more room for expression or creativity in short films as opposed to full-length movies? Does this translate to the relationship between mixtapes and albums in rap?
@ChildishGambino
Short films just fit normal people a little better. time is ultimate currency. we don't have a lot of time to spend. a short film, for me, leaves more to the audience, and doesn't take so much time. And if it's free, then you really have no excuse not to watch it and at least have an opinion
@Flowmatic
Whats your perspective on camp looking back at it now ?
@ChildishGambino
I love camp. it there's little things i'd change, cause i know how music better, but yeah. i does what it's supposed to do
@FlyTendencies
How do you sing so beautifully?
@ChildishGambino
That's what you call it?
@A1_Day
Did My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy and Yeezus's sound play a role in Because The Internet? How big of a influence is Kanye to you?
@ChildishGambino
I guess it influenced me as much as it influenced all music to be better? but honestly, his whole steez isn't for me. I can't do that. he just inspires me to be limitless
@StefanPonce
CAN YOU BREAK DOWN THE SONG TO "BOY BAND" ?!!!???!!!!
@ChildishGambino
@MYH
How can mirrors be real if our eyes aren't real?
@ChildishGambino
Mirrors aren't real
@Metron
What's the biggest opportunity that you could have taken but you missed out on in your life? Did you explain the abrupt ending on Life: The Biggest Troll?
(I forgot to @ before cuz I was excited)
@ChildishGambino
I don't feel like I've missed any opportunity, honestly
@GrizzyCreekwater
3 questions :
1) Favourite cartoon , what is your choice ?
2) Would you ever do more stand-up shows or skits for youtube ?
3) Favourite album in 2013 , from any genre ?
@ChildishGambino
I really like China, IL. American Dad has the best jokes. Adventure time. Regular Show. Amazing world of gumball
@brockemsockemz
If you were an animal, what would you be?
@ChildishGambino
Koala
@SavvyRJA
Who is your favorite philosopher?
@ChildishGambino
Patrice O'Neal and Louis CK
@darwin_shameran
You have Andrew Auernheimer in your song, weev (Andrew) is openly known as a racist and anti-semite, how come you decided to include him?
@ChildishGambino
Video
@Eon2323
Hey Donald, big fan here (actually #1 Gambino scholar here, but nbd). I have a couple of questions
1) Do you have a whole bunch of those white shirts or is it the same one?
2) Are you thinking about doing another comedy special in the near future?
3) What was your sister's reaction to your fame and come up in the rap game?
4) Has Chevy Chase ever recited any of your lyrics or played any of your songs?
Thanks for just taking the time to read the questions. roscoes wetsuit
@ChildishGambino
First. thanks for doing all this work for me on rap genius
1) i have like 9 of these shirts
2) i honestly don't know
3) she's good with it. she's the best
4) no. I'm positive he has never heard of childish gambino. I'm pretty sure he thought i was eddie murphy the entire we were on set
@AkonoMiles
My question to you childish is what advice do you have for all the creatives out there that work so much on polishing their craft. that surround themselves with all types of shit, music, art, etc and try as much to absorb to than emit that knowledge into their work. what advice do you have childish cause sometimes i be feeling like im going nowhere. especially seeing others who do what i do get further than me when their ideas are really nothing but regurgetated shit we've all seen. i just feel like im going crazy sometimes yo. haha. thanks - akono
@ChildishGambino
Yeah. i think you have just look at what y o u really want. it can be frustrating. but u also have to know how people work and what people want from you
You should read "mastery" by robert greene
@ChildishGambino
Cool. i have some work to do
Thanks for the questions. rap genius is a dope place. cool to see you guys taking such good care of it
Happy leak day
Everyone kiss notero goodnight
Learn to code
@Fanum
Can me and you do a collab track in the next 4 months #iamfanum columbus Ohio
@DrewXo
Hopefully im not too late but i simply adore everything you do as a rapper, singer, and actor. Your one of my biggest inspiration right next to drake. When i listen to your music i can relate the things you go through from being a nerd in middle school and now that i rap and getting known all the honey dips wanna come after me
But anyways my question is could you check me out on this link and give me your advice on it and how i rap?
[Intro]
Gambino: Nah, see, I'm not gonna freestyle man, like...
Skrillex: Come on, Step in the ring.
Gambino: Nah I'm not gonna freestyle man. I can't do this.
Skrillex: Come on. Come on.
Gambino: Nah, see this is what I was talking about. I'm not gonna freestlye. I'm sorry, I can't be freestyling my man.
Skrillex: You're being a wimp, man
[Freestyle- Childish Gambino]
Yeah dude this money is overflowin'
Dude is a G6 and I'll I'm knowing is Boeing
I'm going, shinning crazy, I'm on a roll like photos
White collar problems; Polos
People like: "Does everybody love Gambino except me?"
Do indie girls like to take pictures of dead leaves?
Yes, I guess I'm young and handsome
I spread girls like cancer
Fans screaming, they telling me that it's not enough
I go crazy on the beat; tiger blood
Women (?) When they're going out
These other rappers are comedians
Thick women, I like my girls a little chunky
(?) and I'm the middle monkey
Yeah, let me show you what it's all about
Let me show you what it's all about
White girls like it here, girl talk
Black girls even like girl talk
Latino girls? Girl talk
Yeah, let me talk, girl talk
Yeah, white girls, girl talk
Yeah, black girls, girl talk
Yeah, Latino girls, girl talk
Yeah, they all like girl talk
Power 106!
LA, it's ya girl, Yesi Ortiz
Got some brand-new music
I need y'all to turn it up and let me know what you think
It's Lloyd called "Oakland" on Power 106
I was making Japanese
And she's watching DVDs
In Oakland, in Oakland
Now I'm driving up the 5
And she waits till I arrive
In Oakland, in Oakland
Everything, that I wanted
Only gotta drive for the moment
If you tell me "turn around," then I'm on it
For the moment, but you know me
You know how I get when I'm lonely
I think about you and the moments
But everything you do is so Oakland, so Oakland
Foot on the gas
I'm just trying to pass
All the red lights
And the stop signs
I'm ready to go
Before I get to The Bay
Babe, that's a problem
Because I'm way too scared to call
And you might get me to stay, no
I don't really want to drive
But I think I'd rather die
In Oakland, in Oakland
With my hands on two and ten
So I guess it all depends
On Oakland, on Oakland
And I'm nervous, truth be told
I never saw me growing old
In Oakland, in Oakland
And if I married you tonight
It would probably start a riot
In Oakland, in Oakland
Everything, that I needed
Now I finally got you in your feelings
Everything you won't say, you tweet it
And a nigga don't like that shit at all
So retreating
Can we just roll with the feeling?
Can we just roll for a minute?
Wait a minute
Foot on the gas
I'm just tryna pass
All the red lights
And the stop signs
I'm ready to go
But I'm really not ready girl
That's a problem
'Cause I'm way too scared to fall
And I know that you choose to stay, no
All the girlfriends saying "here we go again"
Rich kid but he act like a gentleman
Last one didn't end like it should've been
Two dates and he still wanna get it in
And you're saying it's because of the Internet
Try once and it's on to the next chick
X-O the O face on your exes right?
And we can do the same thing if you wanna have better
When your thoughts can't breathe and you thinking asthmatic
And you wanna be a mom and I wasn't mad at her
I was thinking 'bout me, I'd be really bad at it
'Cause I'm thinking 'bout me, weeks in Dubai
Fourth of July, house in Kauai, yeah we can try
So let's try
Whoa
I took off my nine to five
But you still don't have the time to kiss me (just hit me)
And if I left you all alone, would you still pick up the phone
It's iffy, you miss me
I got furniture to move, and we'll both be thirty soon
In Oakland, in Oakland
The only one I know is you, so the fuck I'm supposed to do?
In Oakland, in Oakland
CUT TO:
*******[PLAY SONG "DIAL UP" AT THIS POINT]*******
[VISUAL]
The Boy lies, arms to his side, on his bed, looking at the ceiling
Spiders slowly drop from single strands of web from all the posts on the bed. It looks pretty. All of them dropping simultaneously swaying together. They whisper:
......where are you?
................who is this?
...don't slide
It's almost a song
*******[PLAY SONG "THE WORST GUYS" AT THIS POINT]*******
INT. MANSION - NIGHT
More people are at the house. People drinking and smoking. Shoes off. It's a Temple. Respect it
The back wall of the living room has been pushed into the wall, so there's a seamless transiting from living room to backyard patio
People sit on the swings underneath space heaters
EMILY is in the middle of the pool table. Swank plays pool around her. RUBEN is filming Marcus and Steve throwing things in the fire pit
AJ is djing in the middle of the living room
Some guy is running through the living room in just a towel. He is dripping water. He almost slips
The projector room (theatre) is playing Fight/Vine compilations. Two dudes are in there not watching. Just smoking
The Boy walks through the backyard. There's a dude and a girl making out on the bar outside. They're sitting on the bar
 THE BOY: Don't sit on that
They look at him. He stares back. They get down. He walks away. They stare as he leaves. The Boy walks to the edge of the pool and looks at the ocean go into the sky
 THIS KID IN A HAT (laughing/whisper): Hurry!
This kid in a hat and his friend are running out the front door with an iPad and a midi controller. The Boy walks inside. Marcus stops him. He's out of breath and looks wet
 THE BOY: Some guys just stole some stuff
MARCUS: Please tell me you saw that Argentinan...Argentinian? Argentina-girl. I can't say it-
THE BOY: Stop inviting random niggas in here. If you don't know their names they can't come
MARCUS: I don't hear you right now. I just fucked in a steam shower and I feel CRAZY. It's like I came in a Prince video. I like, blacked out. Couldn't breath in there, mane. I- (wait) Fuck! Is she still in there? You think she's okay? (He thinks)
THE BOY: You're the Florida of my friends
The Boy walks away
INT. FATHER'S ROOM - NIGHT
The Boy walks up to the door. Before he can open it, Sasha opens it from the inside. She's with another girl. It feels like they just did a drug or were stealing something themselves
Sasha sees The Boy. Startled. Then she smirks
 SASHA: Come in! Quick!
[VISUAL]
She pulls him in. The other girl flops on the bed
 OTHER GIRL: UUUUUGGGGHHHHHHH. SOOOOO SOOOOOFFFFTTT
SASHA: Hurry, hurry, hurry. Scoot, scoot
The Boy lays against the wall. Sasha sits on the bed
Silence. Then:
 SASHA (CONT'D): Show us your dick
THE BOY: Wha?
SASHA: Do it. Show it
OTHER GIRL: Ew
Silence
 THE BOY: Ha
Silence
 THE BOY (CONT'D): Why?
SASHA: Cause it's probably gross and I wanna laugh at it
OTHER GIRL: I've never seen a black dick. Is it purple?
SASHA: Grape dick
OTHER GIRL (agreeing): Grape dick
Sasha gets up and starts to punch The Boy playfully. The other girl is laughing crazy
 SASHA: Do it. Don't be weird!
OTHER GIRL: Let's be weird a little!
The punches slowly stop. Then Sasha starts kissing The Boy. You can't see below their waist, but stuff is going on. Then stuff stops
 SASHA: What's wrong? This is weird?
THE BOY: No
SASHA: You don't want to? This is weird?
THE BOY: No. I want to
SASHA: Then...what's going on, chum?
THE BOY: Hold on
The Boy plays with his dick. Nothing. It's like gum
Silence. Fidgeting. Sasha's got a [ASHAMED EMOJI] look on her face
 THE BOY (CONT'D): Hold on
He walks into the bathroom and closes the door. Locked. Silence. Sasha sits on the floor
 OTHER GIRL: What's up?
*******[PLAY SONG "SHADOWS" AT THIS POINT]*******
INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT
The Boy sits on the floor. Head in hands
Damn, guy
The Boy's ex-girlfriend steps out of the linen closet
[VISUAL]
 VANESSA: What are you doing?
THE BOY (head in hands): Chillin
VANESSA:In the Bathroom?
THE BOY: Mmm-hmm
VANESSA: Well, I want to go out
THE BOY ("no"): Mmm-mmm
Vanessa playfully throws things from the counter at him (toothbrush, cup, floss, soap). He throws some of it back. She starts laughing. He pulls her to the ground with him
 VANESSA: Why are you so moody?
THE BOY: I'm not. Let me enjoy this for a second
VANESSA: We can do this outside, [EDIT]
THE BOY: We could live the rest of our lives here. There's a TV in the mirror. There's fresh water every time we flush. I heard they're building a sandwich place in the shower
Vanessa smh and smiles
 VANESSA: Get up. We're going
THE BOY: Come 'on-
VANESSA: I mean it!
She pulls him up. She opens up the linen closet and pulls The Boy in
Coachella is inside the closet
There are people saying things, giving opinions, feeling interesting. Everyone has a purpose today. It's a great time
The Boy chases after Vanessa and catches her. He carries her for like three steps, then they walk together, holding hands
 VANESSA (CONT'D): We have to see everything together. I don't wanna split up this time. We each get to choose one band the other one can't make you see- (then) What's wrong?
THE BOY (smh): ...
VANESSA (disappointed): Really?...You're really doing this to me? Right now?
THE BOY: You don't think this is a waste of our time?
VANESSA: No, I don't think me and you together is a waste of time. That's what you think. And I'm tired of trying to convince you otherwise. At least be a man and break up with me instead of telling me I don't like you
THE BOY: But you don't! You don't really like me. I just look good when you scroll past me with the rest of your "I'm almost Vashtie" bullshit
[NO MOUTH EMOJI]
 VANESSA (teary whisper): You're so mean
THE BOY: I'm trying to be honest
VANESSA: Mean doesn't mean honest! Honest can mean mean. But only if you mean it
THE BOY (so many "means"): Wait...the-
VANESSA: I'm trying so hard with you. But I'm not gonna carry us. I won't waste your time anymore
She starts walking away. Then she looks to the sky and shoots up like a rocket. She looks like a shooting star in the sky. Not a sound is heard while this happens. They never see each other again
Then the coyotes come out
They're glowing blue. They're circling and they're talking about music
 WOLF 1: What'd you think of 2 Chainz' set?
WOLF 2: It was really fun. His live shows have gotten way better. I saw him last spring in Chicago
WOLF WITH GLASSES: Have you heard that Roc Marciano album on vinyl? It's so good, man
MESSY, BUT COOL WOLF: You guys, this is my fiance, another wolf. He or she works in a small music or graphic design for niche clothing or this app I'm building
They rip The Boy to shreds while they talk. Blood everywhere. The Boy doesn't make a sound. Lets it happen
INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT
The Boy realizes he is pacing in the shower. He's been in there for a minute, cause the water is cold
He opens the door. The girls are gone. The small clock on the desk says "5:23 AM". There's also a note written in lipstick on the mirror that says "YOUR FUCKED" (smh at the "your"). Probably Sasha. She's probably right
CUT TO:
INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
The house isn't totalled, just dirty. Empty cups, bottles, cigarette butts, etc. The Boy sees Steve and Swank passed out on the couch
 THE BOY: Let's go guys
STEVE (waking up): Where we going?
THE BOY: Oakland
SWANK: When's the flight leave?
THE BOY: We're driving
SWANK: Wha? (then) How'd we get poor?
INT. FAM'S ROOM - NIGHT
Fam's sleeping. There's a naked girl sleeping with him. The Boy comes in
 THE BOY: We're going
The Boy leaves. Fam opens his eyes
CUT TO:
*******[PLAY SONG "TELEGRAPH AVE." AT THIS POINT]*******
EXT. MANSION - NIGHT
Swank, Steve, and Fam are asleep in the car. The Boy sits down in the driver's seat
 He pulls out his phone and texts someone named NYALA: Im driving up now
...(that moment you know exactly what they're typing and how they look doing it)
She writes back: DONT
The Boy looks at this. Then starts up the car and turns on the radio and speeds out of the driveway
A moment passes...
Then we see the girl that was in bed with Fam walk out in the Mansion doorway
 THAT GIRL FAM KNOWS FROM THAT ONE PLACE: Fam?
EXT. I-5 - NIGHT/EARLY MORNING
Everyone's asleep in the car except The Boy who's driving (AJ is there too. They picked him up.). Lloyd's "Oakland" is playing on the radio. The Boy turns it up so he feels like he's in a video. He pushes his seat back so he can lean
 SWANK: Ow, ow!
He slammed Swanks knees. Sorry
The Boy speeds through the empty highway. It's really pretty. I'm not sure what those factories are in the middle of nowhere with all the lights on them. They're probably horrible for the earth, but they look really magical at night. He passes one of those factories
There's a lot of rolling hills. Lotta farms. There's a slaughterhouse. Smells and looks grey and awful. All the cows look really sad. Maybe I'm just making them sad. Maybe they're fine
Looking at the rows of crops criss-cross on farms as they pass
There's a billboard. It says: ROSCOE'S WETSUIT
The Boy stares at it. Just a white billboard with "roscoe's wetsuit" on it
EXT. MIDDLE OF NOWHERE IN-N-OUT - DAY
The guys are sitting on their car, eating burgers at the far end of the parking lot
As The Boy bites into his double-double he thinks about the slaughterhouse. Then he looks at his burger. He laughs
Two women walk out. They look like they're in their late 30s. Swank spots em. One of the women is wearing a Northwestern hoodie
 SWANK (re: hoodie): Long way from Chicago
WOMAN 1: Alumni
SWANK: There's no way. You can't be over twenty-three
The women just smirk and close their doors. They drive off
 SWANK (CONT'D): See that? Johnny Appleseed of confidence, man. Just leaving little seeds with everyone
A car crazily pulls up next to the In-N-Out. Two dudes jump out with masks and guns
 FAM: Daaammmmnnn
They run inside. We see people running in their cars, and driving off. All of our guys stay seated on their car. Just eating
A minute goes by. No gun shots. Just yelling
The two dudes run out. Just as they do, you can hear the police coming
 ROBBERY DUDE 1: MOVE, RYAN!
AJ: This nigga's using his real name. Treated
STEVE: Could be a code name
AJ: That's definitely his real name. No one's robbery name is "Ryan". It's something like..."Snake-Man"
They all make a face
 AJ (CONT'D): Fuck ya'll. I wouldn't rob a place with ya'll pussy ass anyway
The Police roll up. Ryan tries to get away, but they pin him. The other dude shoots at the cop
 FAM: We should leave. They're shooting at the cops. Which means the other cops coming give a fuck 'bout bystanders now
MARCUS (in anchorman voice): Two men were arrested in an attempted robbery at an In-N-Out burger today. (mumbling) Also some niggers ended up dead, we don't know. This is news, people!
STEVE: After being frisked, the dead suspects somehow got guns and shot themselves in the head even though they were handcuffed and in the back of a tiny-ass squad car
THE BOY: Police chief states: "no investigation needed"
STEVE: "White people still safe!"
They laugh. As they start to drive off
Suddenly two cop cars screech in front of them
 COP 1: HANDS IN THE AIR!
STEVE: Fuck
All of the guys put their hands up
CUT TO:
EXT. OAKLAND STREET - DAY
Everyone looks a little bummed. Silence. More silence
 THE BOY: We're here
They pull over to a row of brownstones
 MARCUS: Great. Why are we where is this?
The Boy gets out of the car and walks up to the door. As he's about to knock, the door opens. Nyla is standing there. Her face is a mix of anger and strange sympathy. Like she refused to cry like...an hour ago?
 THE BOY: Hey-
NYLA: There's a point you reach when you're no longer able to feel like you did. Not about a person, not with a certain place, you just can't feel like you did because that muscle or whatever is just...dead. Or gone
THE BOY: Hi, Nyla
NYLA: When you're alone, you might be able to remember it. You might even hear a song that makes you question it. But you don't have it. It doesn't exist anymore. It's dead. Do you understand?
THE BOY: Yes. Absolutely. But Nyla-
NYLA: I AM AT THAT POINT, [EDIT]
Tears. She's not crying. She's just that mad
A dude pokes his head out from the hallway in the brownstone. The Boy and him make eye contact
 THE BOY: This isn't what you think it is. I didn't come here to...look, I saw this dude die and-
NYLA: And you're scared. So you came here
THE BOY: I'm not scared. I just wanna be with someone who knows me for a little
NYLA: I don't know you. We're not together. I have company. Go home
THE BOY: Okay, you're being mean now
NYLA: "Mean?" Who cares? You're an adult. Also, you embarrassed me
THE BOY (to the dude in the hallway): We were planning on having a kid together. She offered and we had a whole plan. Like adults or something. Then I backed out. So... (then) You're second at best is what I'm saying
The guy goes -__- [SIDE EYE EMOJI]
 NYLA: What is wrong with you?
THE BOY: I don't know
NYLA: Me neither
This is really sad for both of em. They really wanna know. Nyla closes the door
 NYLA (CONT'D through the door): Please grow up
The Boy stands there...then Swank walks up to him on the stoop of the brownstone
SWANK: Can I use her bathroom? That double-double's makin moves
The Boy walks away and gets in the car. Swank stands there for a moment. Then tries to cut off a fart with his hand as he walks to the car
CUT TO:
*******[PLAY SONG "SWEATPANTS AVE." AT THIS POINT]*******
INT. OAKLAND CLUB - NIGHT
The guys sit at a table in the corner. The Boy is sitting in the corner. Fam is texting. Swank and Steve are talking to two girls. A promoter walks over
 PROMOTER: Ey. You gonna just sit here
THE BOY: Yeah
PROMOTER: Well, you gotta order something
THE BOY: A bottle?
PROMOTER: Yeah. A bottle
They stare
 THE BOY: I'll take 12 bottles
Promoter gives him a [NO MOUTH EMOJI]. The Boy just stares at him...he's serious. The promoter walks off
CUT TO:
Twelve girls with bottles and sparklers emerge around the club from the back. It's a parade. They curve around the club making a big to do. People are staring, like "is Diddy here? OMG Diddy's here!"
The parade gets to the top of the stairs where the booth is. But when they turn the corner, the guys are gone already. There's a stack of cash sitting in the middle of the table
The promoter stands there
INT. DINER - LATE NIGHT
[VISUAL]
The guys are eating
 SWANK: But animals eat animals, man. Animals!
STEVE: The argument is that we've been given the freewill and understanding of life. So we shouldn't because the option is there for us
SWANK: Man, in Nigeria they made me AND my little brother slaughter a goat. We raised that goat, man. I loved that fucking goat. And one day we came home from school and they just handed us the knife. I've seen the blood man. I've heard the screams. I still ate the shit though
...I was here before
 THE BOY: We were here before
FAM: What?
THE BOY: We've done this before
FAM: Nah man. This is our first time together in Oakland
THE BOY: This is every night. This is all the nights, man
FAM (weirded out): Nahhhh. We switch it up, man
The Boy stops listening. Across the way there's a group of kids eating in a booth. They're laughing and talking behind the back of a friend they don't seem to like very much. One of the girls is going in. But behind her, there's a guy in a colorful faux 90's hat. He's writing something on the wall in sharpie
He's writing "roscoe's wetsuit"
The Boy gets up and walks over
 THE BOY: Excuse me. What does that mean?
HAT KID: What?
THE BOY: Roscoe's wetsuit
HAT KID: Oh. I don't know
THE BOY: Yes you do
HAT KID: Wha?
THE BOY: You know what it means. Tell me
HAT KID: I don't know. I saw it online
THE BOY: So you just write shit you see?
HAT KID: Fuck's your problem?
Fam walks up. Grabs The Boy
 FAM: Ey. Let's just eat
The Boy and Fam sit
 HAT KID: It means I sat on your mom's face
The Boy SLAMS his fist on the table. It's loud. Everyone in the diner looks at him. The Boy doesn't look up
 THE BOY (quiet): Tell me what it is or I'll cut you open and take the answer
Silence
CUT TO:
EXT. HOTEL - NIGHT
The guys roll up to the front of the hotel
 SWANK: That kid was scared as fuck! He was like [OPEN MOUTH EMOJI]
FAM (to The Boy): You good?
Boy doesn't say anything
INT. HOTEL LOBBY - NIGHT
The guys walk in the lobby. There's an Indian wedding happening. They're probably not called Indian weddings. It's probably just a wedding, but all the people participating happen to be Indian. There's a bunch of guys talking and quietly laughing in the hall. The door to the banquet room is open as they pass. The Boy stops. The bride and groom are slow dancing. The Bride is quite pretty. Green eyes and dark skin. She's got the aura of a business woman. Probably met him at Stanford and was like "this is reliable". The groom looks like a caricature of a good ol' fashion white dude
 STEVE: Good for him
SWANK: Nah. He don't get any interracial points. He's just doing what white guys been doing since forever. Exactly what he wants
AJ: Really? Like that?
SWANK: Man, I used to get so pissed when girls would watch Boy Meets World and be like "Ryder Strong's so dope for having a black girlfriend". Man, fuck that nigga
AJ: Come on, man. My dad's white and his parents didn't like my mom. They just started talking again
SWANK (over the top): Oh you're poor white dad! (then) Nigga, shut up. Take that team light skin shit outside
THE BOY: I've never seen one of these
FAM: A first dance?
THE BOY: A wedding
FAM: Yeah. (then) Marriage is so wack. I mean, I get it. But come on, yo. Forever? ("Ms. Jackson") Forever, ever? Forever, ever?
THE BOY: You think either of them don't wanna do it?
FAM: Mane, I bet both of em are like that
THE BOY: They look happy as fuck though
FAM: Cause they reached their goal. In a year they'll be like "oh fuck...goals are dumb."
MARCUS: Goals are dumb?
FAM: Making your life a goal is dumb. I think. This shit is supposed to be just fun. (then) I took an edible at the diner. It's kickin in. Hard. I'mma go upstairs
THE BOY: Okay
They both stand there for a moment
 FAM: I'm gonna need some help
AJ takes Fam by the arm
 FAM (CONT'D): There we go
They head to the elevators
 MARCUS: I'mma look for some bridesmaids
He walks off
 STEVE (yelling to Marcus): Gee-van-chi!
MARCUS (calling back): Nigga, god bless you
STEVE (to The Boy): What you doin?
The Boy stares at the couple
 THE BOY: I'mma stay down here
SWANK: You good?
THE BOY: I'm great
They Kanye shrug, then walk off to the bar. The Boy walks into the banquet
INT. BANQUET HALL - NIGHT
The lights are low. Most of the people have gotten up to pee or something. The Boy just stares at the couple. Then he decides to start recording. A man comes up to him
 OLDER INDIAN DUDE:Who are you here with?
THE BOY (not looking up from his phone): The groom. We went to college together
OLDER INDIAN DUDE: Oh. (then) Nice isn't it?
THE BOY (sincere): Beautiful
OLDER INDIAN DUDE: When the buddies start getting married, that means you're next
THE BOY: I don't think so
OLDER INDIAN DUDE: That's what everyone says. That's what I said thirty years ago
THE BOY: I don't believe in marriage. (then) Maybe that's not true. But I am against it
OLDER INDIAN DUDE: What do you believe in?
THE BOY: Cool baby mamas
OLDER INDIAN DUDE: Ahhhhh. But how many women you know are interested in your concept?
THE BOY: More than you'd think. I find if you have a job and are actually interested in raising a child, women, who are a little older, tend to be responsive. I just don't think they like being labeled that. (then) Do you get tired of it?
OLDER INDIAN DUDE: Of marriage?
THE BOY: Of marriage. Of her. Of yourself
He thinks
 OLDER INDIAN DUDE: Yes. Sometimes
THE BOY: Then why?
OLDER INDIAN DUDE: I had to man-up. It was time. I don't regret it
THE BOY: Well I don't have to man-up. I did what I'm supposed to do. I found the things I'm good at. I didn't get anyone pregnant on the way there. And I've had mature relationships that prepared me for what marriage is
OLDER INDIAN DUDE: Mature relationships?
THE BOY: Yeah. I keep in touch with all my exes. We're all friends
OLDER INDIAN DUDE: You still call them
THE BOY: I send em a happy birthday text or DM 'em
OLDER INDIAN DUDE: That's not a friend. I do that with my boss. And I hate my boss. (to himself) Fuckin Korean kid thinks he know everything
Silence
 OLDER INDIAN DUDE (CONT'D): What do you do?
THE BOY: I troll celebrities, politicians, or anyone with large enough online cache until I get a response. I post those responses and/or convos on my blog. And I charge gossip blogs and advertisers to advertise on my site and sometimes me and my friend put out novelty books of fucked up things we find online while digging up dirt on said celebrities and/ or politicians and sell it to niche book stores or larger stores that fit our aesthetic
The man just stares, not understanding
 THE BOY (CONT'D): How old are you?
OLDER INDIAN DUDE: Fifty-three
THE BOY: I'm like Bill O'Reilly
OLDER INDIAN DUDE: Oh
The older man leaves. A shlubby man in a suit comes to the podium in front. People clap for the end of the dance
 MAN IN SUIT: I've known Safia and Greg since college and I honestly knew this day would happen since we were getting high in my dorm room junior year at GW. (to mom) Sorry Mrs. Healey, Greg smokes weed. You gotta deal!
Everyone laughs
 MAN IN SUIT (CONT'D): But honestly, may you two spend the rest of your lives healthy and happy
"Awwww"
 MAN IN SUIT (CONT'D): And now, the traditional "march to forever" to bless the bride and groom with happiness for all their days to come
Everyone claps
*******[PLAY SONG "3005" AT THIS POINT]*******
[VISUAL]
Little creatures slowly start to march out from the kitchen. Some have banners that say "HAPPY MARRIAGE!". Some have sparklers. They all bounce on beat. It's cute for a very short moment. Then it feels wrong
All the creatures have two legs, two arms, like humans. But they are definitely not humans. One of the giveaways being that they are naked, but don't seem to have genitals
All the creatures are breathing heavy out their mouths (their noses being two tiny slits probably don't allow for heavy air traffic)
They're about three feet high. Their eyes are larger than they should be and are spread farther on their faces. They don't have hair anywhere on their bodies. They all have forced smiles on their faces. You can see their teeth are just a little too sharp when they smile. Insinuating carnivorous behavior. If they wanted to, at any point they could jump on you and rip out your throat in .8 seconds. But they're not right now. They're marching
One of the creatures has tears in its eyes. Still smiling tho. Pushing the smile
Everyone is smiling as they march past, but they're all very cautious. Clearly worried that one may attack. The Boy watches as the creatures reach the front of the party and form a circle. They do this weird clapping, almost step team routine, then stop. The music stops
 CREATURE 1: We did it!
CREATURE 2: Yay!
Everyone claps. The bride and groom force a smile. The creatures slowly make their way back to the kitchen. All that's heard is their struggled breathing and clammy skin hitting the wooden dance floor. One stares at The Boy as he (or she) leaves
...that was unacceptable. [LEMONGRAB: UNNACCEPTABLE!]
(Say! Hit it! Goddamn! Hit it! Goddamn! Hit it! Goddamn! Say! Lord! Hit it! Goddamn! Damnitt! Hit it! Goddamn! Watch it! Hit it!)
When, when, when.
When we were, Kinda thing, Betcha cry, All alone(x4)
(Who am I?)
Reck league I ainit payin to ball
Ya'll be string like a broke guitar
An he still put it down like the family dog
Yeah!
I murder some
Murder one
Explain it all
Ferguson
We ain't gotta sing the same old love song
Cut a white girl with the same black gloves on
Yeah what you sayin to it
Old money look, no money don't do it
Like I turn around an they lain like a uie
An I'm only lookin back if I'm lookin at her booty
(At her booty)
What's the rational?
They wanna smoke niggas when they Black&Mild;
So we act it out
(Okay cool)
When we were, Kinda thing, Betcha cry, All alone(x4)
Blue dream, By the bouquet, Tell em' blue face, On a tuesday
Can I have some?
#NiggasBeLike
Put a plus 18 on a evite
An I said what I felt, no rewrite
Nah, nah they cant hold me
June July, drop somethin
I double dare you
I mark somethin
I scorch winners I burn
I had a dream
I had a dream I was flying over all of us
There were so many pretty people
So many pretty faces
I talked to some birds
I fell in love again
And none of this ever ended
Everything just kept going, and going and going
And even when you laughed, you cried
And even when you were sad you were really happy
Because you were here
And I got to meet every star, every planet
Everything that made me
And we all kissed
And became the same
We became the same
We became the same
Who would have thought this
We almost lost it
When you lie inside darkness it's hard to see
And we sleep in tradition
Keep them off in the distance
To tell you that I haven't been
We are all
Cold water
Why try at all?
Why bother?
Just hold me close my darling
Just hold me close my darling
Just hold me close my darling
Just hold me close my darling
Who would have dreamed this?
You couldn't mean this
It would be some type of meanness to where you are
'Cause I don't know where to go
And no one else seems to know
We are all
Night's fallen
Why try at all?
Dark callin'
So we're left alone
No one left to call upon
Be still now, broken bones
As I travel on just hold me close my darling
Just hold me close my darling
Hold me close my darling
Just hold me close my darling
So we're left alone
No one left to call upon
Be still now, broken bones
As I travel on just hold me close my darling
Just hold me close my darling
Just hold me close my darling
Just hold me close my darling
[VISUAL PLAYING "DEATH BY NUMBERS"]
*******[PLAY SONG "FLIGHT OF THE NAVIGATOR" AT THIS POINT]*******
INT. HOSPITAL - DAY
[VISUAL]
The Boy wakes up. He's in a gown. His eyes feel heavy. The TV is on in his room. "Golden Girls" to be specific. One of the ladies just said something funny cause there's a lot of laughter
Sitcom laughs always freaked him out. Because most of those people are dead. Those are ghost laughs. Laughs that are supposed to be gone forever linger on earth after every mid 90s joke about teenage sex or someone saying "don't go there". Looking for their mouths, never finding them because they're gone. The laughs don't feel good because they're dead laughs. Those laughs aren't what they stood for anymore. They've been reappropriated. Now they're just sounds monkey descendants make when amused to cue other monkey descendants when to make the sounds at home
...my eyes feel heavy
A nurse comes in
 WHITE GUY NURSE: Hello Mr.[EDIT]. How are you feeling?
THE BOY: Like I'm about to get talked to by someone about- (gestures) All this
Nurse gives a "yep" look
 WHITE GUY NURSE: You're friends brought you in-
THE BOY: They're not my friends
WHITE GUY NURSE: I don't think they'd like you saying that
THE BOY: Doesn't matter. It's the truth. But also, they know. We're not friends. There's a mutual benefit to our relationship, but I can't trust them for shit
WHITE GUY NURSE: Then why save you?
THE BOY: Cause their lives are far easier with me around. It's survival
WHITE GUY NURSE: I think you should talk to someone
THE BOY: We're talking
WHITE GUY NURSE: A professional
THE BOY: Why? You don't care. You're not gonna make sure I do. (then) Our lives aren't precious, man
Silence. The Nurse begins to clean up
 WHITE GUY NURSE: You done?
THE BOY: I was trying to be
WHITE GUY NURSE: No you weren't. Cause, guess what? It's not hard to do
Nurse leaves
INT. WAITING ROOM - LATER THAT DAY
The Boy walks out of the double doors. Steve, Swank, and Fam are sitting there. They look up wearily
 THE BOY: I don't wanna talk. Let's just go be awkward and quiet together at Chipotle. Alright?
They all just stare. Swank gets up slowly and walks over
 SWANK: Man...we didn't know if we should wait or tell you later, man
The Boy makes a ["WHAT?" EMOJI] face
 SWANK (CONT'D): Man...your pops died, man. Got the call
Silence
 THE BOY: Okay
(hum of a jet engine...)
*******[PLAY SONG "ZEALOTS OF STOCKHOLM" AT THIS POINT]*******
INT. JET PLANE - EVENING
The Boy lays his head against the plane window, the oil from his hair leaving grease smudges all over the window
His father died in Stockholm. A family member was needed. Didn't realize that they were each other's only family til this very moment. When you lose that, you basically lose most of your memories, at least the accuracy of your own memories
He wanted to be cremated
The Boy didn't really know anyone in Stockholm, but he also didn't want to be in his hotel room with his father for a day. Even if he was just ashes. So he decided to search through his followers for someone from Sweden
Some girl named "Hello_Pity_" Dm'd him back and they were supposed to meet up after all the whatever he had to do. Her profile bio said she was half french. She looked pretty in her avi: an inverted Hello Kitty. But that really doesn't mean anything at all, especially since her instagram was blocked, which is something he's learned not to trust at all
So he looked through her tweets, figured out a night she went to a club, used one of his dummy profiles and pretended that they'd met at the club that night. She had trouble remembering because, according to her feed, she was "fuckin turnt, [CRAZY TONGUE OUT EMOJI] lol". She added this made up dude as a friend on Facebook. Now The Boy could see her pictures
The rest of her pictures confirmed she was indeed pretty
This girl loves Justin Bieber though. New Justin Bieber. The "fuck you" Bieber. She loves Justin Bieber in the way you love that girl on Maury who's like "my favorite flavor popsicle is DICK!", which is close to sincere love, but nowhere near it at the same time
INT. STRANGE OFFICE - NIGHT
The Boy is sitting at a desk, across from a solemn man. An urn sits on the left side of the desk
The man slides it over to The Boy
 SOLEMN MAN: I'm sorry for your loss
Silence. Don't you have to ask someone before you cremate their father? I don't know how these things work
 SOLEMN MAN (CONT'D): These were found with him
He gives The Boy a large brown paper bag
INT. HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
The Boy vapes on the foot of his bed. He's DMing back and forth with "Hello_Pity_" whose real name is Alyssa
 thegoldmolar: where u at
Hello_Pity_: bar called box. meet u here?
thegoldmolar: yeah
Hello_Pity_: u should meet my boyfriend. he loves you
Weird
 thegoldmolar: sure
Hello_Pity_: [CRYING LAUGH EMOJI] LOL. Don't worry. It's not like that
thegoldmolar: wdym
Hello_Pity_: [CRAZY TONGUE OUT EMOJI] see u soon
He puts his phone down
EXT. STOCKHOLM STREETS - NIGHT
There's a buzz going on. Very pretty people walk hand in hand on the street. There are people saying things, giving opinions, feeling interesting. Everyone has a purpose tonight. It's a great time
A couple walk by:
 SUPER HANDSOME GUY: Swedish blah blah blah roscoe's wetsuit hahahaha!
SUPER PRETTY GIRL: blah blah, swedish blah blah roscoe's wetsuit!
The Boy walks up to a pink, glowing, but very discreet sign that says "box". There's a big bald guy standing outside with no hat. There's steam coming off his head
A girl is standing outside smoking, at least trying to. She can't seem to get the cigarette lit. It's Alyssa
 THE BOY: Hey
ALYSSA: Ah! It's you
She gives him a kiss on both cheeks
 ALYSSA (CONT'D): Fancy meeting you like this, huh?
THE BOY: I don't know what you mean
She puts out her cigarette. After two big puffs
 ALYSSA: Let's go
THE BOY: Didn't you want me to meet your boyfriend?
ALYSSA: Who? That guy?
She points to a corner of the building, a few steps from the front. A guy with long blonde hair (her boyfriend?)is making out with a girl in the cold
 THE BOY: What am I getting into?
ALYSSA: Nothing. You're getting into nothing
CUT TO:
EXT. STOCKHOLM STREETS - CONTINUOUS
The Boy and Alyssa walk slowly through the streets. It's very cold, so they're the only ones doing that
 ALYSSA: What made you DM me?
THE BOY: I don't know anyone here
ALYSSA: Then why are you here?
THE BOY: My dad died. I have to pick him up
ALYSSA: R O U G H. How?
THE BOY: Doesn't matter at this point
ALYSSA: I know right? It's always "how'd he die?" Like if you know all the ways, you'll avoid it. Silly
She shivers
 ALYSSA (CONT'D): I don't believe in small talk. What's the longest relationship you've been in?
THE BOY: Five years
ALYSSA: Wow. What happened?
THE BOY: I'm still in it
ALYSSA: Oh?
THE BOY: She does private web shows. We're not together. But it's a relationship, for sure
ALYSSA: I don't get it
THE BOY: I used to watch her online a while back. Then she quit and started doing private shows. Then it just started turning into talking. Mostly
ALYSSA: Wooooaah
THE BOY: Wha?
ALYSSA: You're paying her to be your girlfriend or friend or whatever
THE BOY: Yes. But most people are paying for friends one way or another
ALYSSA: No
THE BOY: Your boyfriend is making out with another girl right now. You don't really have room to judge
ALYSSA: I trust that I can never trust him. We're clear on that
THE BOY: Then why have him at all?
ALYSSA: Because he's honest. And I like that. He doesn't lie to either of us. That's special to me
INT. HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
[VISUAL]
The two are sitting on the bed staring at the urn on the table
 ALYSSA: So that's your dad
THE BOY: That's my dad. That's what's left of him
ALYSSA: You guys close?
THE BOY: No
ALYSSA: You wanna talk about it
THE BOY: No
Silence
 THE BOY (CONT'D): I'm going to make a drink
ALYSSA: Alright
The Boy gets up and goes into the living room. While he's in there, Alyssa gets up, takes the urn, and walks out of the room. The Boy hears the door slam
 THE BOY: Alyssa?
CUT TO:
*******[PLAY SONG "URN" AT THIS POINT]*******
EXT. HOTEL - NIGHT
The Boy runs out of the front doors. His breath, clouding in the night. He looks both ways and catches Alyssa turning a corner. He runs to the corner and meets her on the other side
 THE BOY: What's going on
ALYSSA: Let's get rid of it. It's just bad for you
THE BOY: You have a TON of nerve judging me and my father's relationship, so much so, you just walk out with his ashes? I feel like what you're doing is against the law, but much like the fact he was cremated before I arrived, I don't know if it's illegal. I'm still pissed though
ALYSSA: We're gonna do this together
The Boy is pissed. He's trying not to blow up
 ALYSSA (CONT'D): I had a sister. I did this when she died
THE BOY: Yes. That gives you the right
Alyssa digs in her pocket and pulls out her phone. She turns it on and the background is Alyssa and a girl that looks exactly like her. The Boy takes the phone
 THE BOY (CONT'D): Twins
ALYSSA: Yes
THE BOY: I know we agreed that it's dumb to ask since we're all headed that way anyway, but-
ALYSSA: Brain cancer. It was bad
Silence
 ALYSSA (CONT'D): So crazy
She LOLs. They're still walking this entire time. They stop at the water. They stand there making small clouds for a moment
 ALYSSA (CONT'D): You want to say something?
The Boy shrugs
 ALYSSA (CONT'D): Alright-
THE BOY: Wait
The urn almost tips over the edge. She waits for him. He walks over and takes the urn and just holds it for a moment. Then he kinda hugs it. Laying his head on it, but turning his head so she can't see what he says:
 THE BOY (CONT'D, whisper): I'm sorry we're alone
[VISUAL]
He pours out the ashes. He's gone
 ALYSSA: How do you feel? Better?
THE BOY: I feel...the same
VOICE: HEY!
Alyssa and The Boy turn around. It's Alyssa's boyfriend
 BOYFRIEND: What the fuck, bro?
ALYSSA: Oh, so you now you give a fuck
She pushes him back as he takes swipes at The Boy. The Boy is mildly annoyed. They're all yelling at each other
 BOYFRIEND/THE BOY/ALYSSA: You're dead ass-hole!/ Relax, nothing happened/ Would you stop!
The boyfriend breaks free from her
 BOYFRIEND: Do you know who the fuck I am?
 ALYSSA: Please don't. Please don't do this
THE BOY: Nah, man. I don't know who you are
BOYFRIEND (CONT'D, scream): WHAT DOES THE FOX SAY! (silence) I. Wrote. That. That's my shit. I'm the nigga dressed like a fox. That's all me
THE BOY: What?
The boyfriend starts making the noises a fox makes in the song
 BOYFRIEND: That!
ALYSSA (resigned, to The Boy): Like the song and video
THE BOY: I've never heard of it
ALYSSA AND BOYFIREND: What/wha?
ALYSSA: I thought you "were the internet"?
THE BOY: That's a tagline. No one is the actual internet. I just must've missed it when it was popular
BOYFRIEND: Uh, by "when it was popular" do you mean, uhhh, RIGHT THE FUCK NOW?!
THE BOY: Relax
BOYFRIEND: Two hundred and twenty million views on Youtube. Two hundred and twenty million. That's most of the earth
THE BOY: Not true
BOYFRIEND: An African village wrote to me-
THE BOY: The whole village did?
BOYFRIEND: -and told me that my song taught them about foxes. They don't have foxes there. I introduced the idea of a fox to an entire continent...(then) And you wanna fuck my girl?
Silence
 THE BOY: I do not wanna fuck your girl. I don't want to be here. I am going home now
The Boy walks away. Alyssa and her boyfriend start a boring argument in the cold as he disappears
CUT TO:
INT. LA VEGAN RESTAURANT - NIGHT
Fam, another girl, and The Boy sit in a booth at the restaurant. Fam and the girl are talking. The Boy is silent. Don't know if he's just bored or jet lagged from Sweden. Either way he's bumming everyone out
 ANOTHER GIRL: My friend should be here soon
The Boy doesn't say anything. Fam and the girl look on
A girl walks up to the table. The Boy looks up. It's the girl from the party
 NAOMI: Hi
The Boy doesn't say anything
 ANOTHER GIRL: This is Naomi. (then) Hello?
FAM: He's dumb. You should just sit and ignore him
She sits down
 NAOMI: You're the guy that almost hit my arm
THE BOY: Yes
NAOMI: You guys order?
THE BOY: No. I hate vegan. I think she's making us eat here
NAOMI: I'm the vegan. I asked to eat here
Silence
 THE BOY: I hate vegan
NAOMI (saying it dumb): Duhh, "I hate vegan"
In his head, he was lol-ing. In real life, he just kinda looked down
 NAOMI (CONT'D): What's the deal. Why you always act like your parents died
The Boy smirks
 THE BOY: They did
Awkward. Silence
 ANOTHER GIRL: I'm so sorry
Fam and The Boy stare at each other for a moment. Then laugh. Another Girl and Naomi do not
 FAM (to The Boy): Your parents are dead, man
THE BOY: My parents are dead yo
They slowly stop laughing. Naomi thinks The Boy is weird. But she doesn't run
INT. MANSION - NIGHT
Fam and Another Girl are sitting on the swings smoking and talking about something they will never remember and don't really care about
Naomi and The Boy sit in the living room
 NAOMI: What did he do?
THE BOY: I don't know
NAOMI: How'd he afford all this?
THE BOY: I don't know
NAOMI: Then how can you afford all this? He leave you a lot?
THE BOY: Creditors were after him. I don't know if he had anything left. I'm not concerned. (serious) I'm gonna sell drugs
Naomi LMAOs
 NAOMI: Whaaaaaat
THE BOY: Fam can hook me up. I've been watching him for a minute. He runs out of here already
NAOMI: I don't think you need me to tell you you're an awful dealer
THE BOY: How would you even know?
NAOMI: You make everything feel awkward. You can't connect with anyone. How is anyone supposed to feel like they can trust you?
THE BOY: Yeah, that's what drug dealers are known for. Their comfort
NAOMI: They are, dumb-ass. You gotta know how people work. You're only good with people online
He slowly turns to her. "how does she know that?"
 NAOMI (CONT'D): I looked you up
THE BOY: After the party or just now
NAOMI: Just now. I'm a writer too
THE BOY: Oh really
NAOMI: Yup. And I know I'm good cause people keep stealing my shit
She hits the vape
 NAOMI (CONT'D): I tweeted this. (holds up her phone) Is that not my poem verbatim? I posted them together. This nigga just rapped this like it was his
THE BOY (looking at her phone): Your first mistake is being a poet past the year 1974, by the way
NAOMI: That's how good my shit is. I'm bringing the whole form back
THE BOY: You're cocky when you're high
NAOMI: No. I'm talkative when I'm high. I'm cocky all the time, but I'm silent for most of it...like you
He looks up. She lifts an eyebrow. He doesn't smile. She goes cross-eyed. No response. She stops, then sighs
 NAOMI (CONT'D): You ever think we're in hell? This is all hell. Living on earth and being the only ones aware that it's all ending slowly
Silence
 THE BOY: No
NAOMI: I read something that said more than likely we all just do this all again. It's all a cycle
THE BOY: I like that theory
NAOMI: Yeah. (then) See? You're not such a lonely boy
She LOLs and mushes his face with her hand. The Boy smh, but smiles
No matter what you say or what you do
When I'm alone, I'd rather be with you
Fuck these other niggas, I'll be right by your side
Till 3005, hold up
Hold up, wait a minute, all good just a week ago
Crew at my house and we party every weekend so
On the radio, that's my favorite song
Made me bounce around, like I don't know, like I won't be here long
Now the thrill is gone
Got no patience, cause I'm not a doctor
Girl why is you lying, girl why you Mufasa
Yeah, mi casa su casa, got a stripper like Gaza
Got so high off volcanoes, now the flow is so lava
Yeah, we spit that saliva, iPhone got message from Viber
Either the head is so hydra, or we let bygones be bygones
"My God, you pay for your friends?" I'll take that as a compliment
Got a house full of homies, why I feel so the opposite?
Incompetent ain't the half of it
Saturdays we Young Lavish-ing
Saddest shit, is I'm bad as it
These they took from the cabinet (woah)
Sorry, I'm just scared of the future
Till 3005, I got your back, we can do this, hold up
No matter what you say or what you do
When I'm alone, I'd rather be with you
Fuck these other niggas, I'll be right by your side
Till 3005, hold up
No matter what you say or what you do
When I'm alone, I'd rather be with you
Fuck these other niggas, I'll be right by your side
Till 3005, hold up
I used to care what people thought
But now I care more
Man nobody out here's got it figured out
So therefore, I've lost all hope of a happy ending
Depending on whether or not it's worth it
So insecure, no one's perfect
We spend it, with no shame
We blow that, like Coltrane
We in here, like Rogain
Or leave it, like Cobain
And when I'm long gone, whole crew sing a swan song
Cause we all just ticking time bombs, got a lambo like Lebron's mom
And no matter where all of my friends go
Emily, Fam, and Lorenzo
All of them people my kinfolk
At least I think so
Can't tell
Cause when them checks clear, they're not here
Cause they don't care
It's kinda sad, but I'm laughing whatever happens
Assassins are stabbed in the back of my cabin
Labrador yapping
I'm glad that it happened, I mean it
Between us, I think there's something special
And if I lose my mental, just hold my hand
Even if you don't understand, hold up
No matter what you say or what you do
When I'm alone, I'd rather be with you
Fuck these other niggas, I'll be right by your side
Till 3005, hold up
No matter what you say or what you do
When I'm alone, I'd rather be with you
Fuck these other niggas, I'll be right by your side
Till 3005, hold up
We did it! Yay!
Nigga you so thirsty
[Verse 1- Childish Gambino]
Please text me, text me, and emoji me
Text me, just want emoji, just so I can see what you thinking
I don't know what you thinking
I text you like five hours ago and I don't know what you thinking
Do you hate me? Do you love me? Do you think I'm stupid?
Are you saying we should be together; we should move in together?
Or should you say you have my babies?
And be my baby mama, I fell in love with you to be my baby mama
From a like a day and a half
I needed you when I asked
I'm grabbing you after class
We dancing together, we used to go out like every single Friday
Kissing you in your mouth, we make out in the hallway
I'm so in love with you
I think about you every day I'm so in love with you
Ain't no one above you
Ain't nobody telling me I'm acting like I'm feeling
When I'm freestlying out my mouth, and I don't know what to say
Every time I see your face, I don't know what to say
A lot of girls in the audience think I'm talking about Jhene
I don't think about (?)
Get it together my head, I'm doing what I'm doing
Screwing up from the top, man I'd like to make you mine
[Hook]
But, you're so far away
So far away
No no
And I'd wish you'd come back, come back, come back (x2)
[Verse 2- Steve G. Lover]
I be looking with a flashlight
Especially if (?) with her ass right
I met her and (?) spread it like a pretzel
You know Steve is the best though
Move it like I normally do
My crew, we so sick like we all had the Flu
That's swine, you know I be taking my time
I love a young lady and she (?) too fine
With a hat to the front that's cool, or glasses
You know me, I skip classes
But I'm still high, like high school
Still so fly, like flight school
I'm a young jet, plus a young vet
A nigga young (?) he go New York Nets
Royalty forever
[Hook]
Every time I see you girl, you're so far away
[Verse 3- Childish Gambino]
Bring it down for a second
Just bring it down a second
Bring it down for a second
Bring it down for a second
Talk about the movies that we hate
I used to kiss you and be like 'Pete's sake'
For Pete's sake, I got that money in my wallet like a fucking Philly cheese steak
I got a million and a half
They used to tell me I wouldn't get a million and a half
But you knew me back when I ain't have enough to ride the subway
Now you call me all day saying like 'why you saying that them girls or them girls'
I though we supposed to get married when we both turned thirty
And when you said that, that shit really kinda hurt me
Because, I made that promise. I broke that promise
I'm tryna get back, but that's behind us
But now I wanna see exactly where you going, or where you coming
Your boyfriend telling you that you be jamming
You're so far away
If you hold my hand, we can be together forever
But you don't wanna say that no more
You just wanna say I'm on tour
So now I'm sitting here on the floor
Because you're so far away
Yo, ayo but fuck that, you told me not to call you all the time
And now you mad I'm your mind and I'm on your mouth motherfucker, my god
Gonna kick that shit, pop that pop
Gonna get down till that drop
(?) bitch
You gonna talk that? Talk that? Talk that shit behind my back?
(?)
Told me that I'm not that but I'm on that, and I rock shit
(?)
But they know me here, walking around with your hands in the air
So. Far. Away. (x2)
I'm so far away
I had a dream
I had a dream I was flying over all of us
There were so many pretty people
So many pretty faces
I talked to some birds
I fell in love again
And none of this ever ended
Everything just kept going, and going and going
And even when you laughed, you cried
And even when you were sad you were really happy
Because you were here
And I got to meet every star, every planet
Everything that made me
And we all kissed
And became the same
We became the same
We became the same
Who would have thought this
We almost lost it
When you lie inside darkness it's hard to see
And we sleep in tradition
Keep them off in the distance
To tell you that I haven't been
We are all
Cold water
Why try at all?
Why bother?
Just hold me close my darling
Just hold me close my darling
Just hold me close my darling
Just hold me close my darling
Who would have dreamed this?
You couldn't mean this
It would be some type of meanness to where you are
'Cause I don't know where to go
And no one else seems to know
We are all
Night's fallen
Why try at all?
Dark callin'
So we're left alone
No one left to call upon
Be still now, broken bones
As I travel on just hold me close my darling
Just hold me close my darling
Hold me close my darling
Just hold me close my darling
So we're left alone
No one left to call upon
Be still now, broken bones
As I travel on just hold me close my darling
Just hold me close my darling
Just hold me close my darling
Just hold me close my darling
All she needed was some
At a Clippers' game on the court-side
Watch a nigga' shoot like a .4-5
They mad at me, too, I got more fire
Why these bitches see you "go home, Roger" (Go home, Roger)
Tia and Tamara in my bed I'm a smart guy
I ain't fucking with you niggas like apartheid
Hits on my list, check my archive
I'm something so immaculate
Instead of asking what's happenin' and rather blastin'
Jackson 5 in the back of an Acura, acting blacker
Than a Bernie Mac, two Charlie Murphys and Akon
The girls that you brought man, where are they from?
Where are they from? We were playin' Playstation
Why you standin' there, say som', girl say som'
No, this ain't a vacation, this is my house, my house
All she needed was some
Bought a new bath, 8K, nigga
Wanna take shots? AK, nigga
When I ball, I'mma ball King James, nigga
Uncle Ben in my hand, make change, nigga
And I'm out of this world like Tang, nigga
That's a space bar, man, I hate y'all
You only come around when you want to play pool in my hot tub
Ice cream paint job in the garage
I had a menage, and murdered the vag'
But, afterwards, it was awkward as fuck
Cause I'm nervous as fuck and could not get it up
I-I-I-I-I need a minute, cold water to the face
I-I-I couldn't finish, got the uber from her place
On my porch smoking vapor, hit with the Sunday paper
Listening to the neighbors
All she needed was some
Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god
Our neighbors
All alone, no no no no
[Hook]
Where we were kinda thing
Betchya thought I'm alone (x3)
[Verse 1]
Reck lee, I ain't paintball
Y'all be string like a broke guitar
And I still put it down like the family dog
Yeah. I murder some, I murder one
Explain it all, Ferguson
We ain't gotta sing the same old love song
Cut a white girl with the same black gloves on
Yeah what you saying to it?
Old money look no money don't do it
Nigga coming round in they lane like a Huey
And I'm only looking back if I'm looking at her booty
(At her Boooty)
So ratchet now, they wanna smoke a niggas but they Black & Mild
So we opted out
Ok cool
[Hook]
[Verse 2]
Blue drink by the bouquet 'til I'm blue faced on a Tuesday
(Can I have some?)
Passed out, niggas be like
Put a plus eighteen on that e-vite
And I said what I felt, no re-write
Nah nah, they can't hold me
Shrooms a lot, drop something
I double dare you, I'm Marc Summers
I scortch women, I'm turnt up
Gut niggas, so curb balling
(?) got a crush on him
I gotta wait in line for that
Ain't nobody got time for that
Ain't nobody gotta ryhme with that
Too true like 2 Chainz
Blue blood like Wolf Gang
Man made the web, you don't need a name
Man made of faults, I ain't too ashamed
Every thought I had, put it in a box
Everybody see it just before the cops
Trolling, trolling, trolling these niggas
Rick Rolling these niggas, they mad cause they don't know any better
"Hold up, it's the kid, quick, tell him he can't sit with us"
Fuck it, got money, bought friends like I'm TBS
VVS, I can see it all with the clarity
Real-D, hope they dig a nigga before they bury me
Even though, we were told to go where they wouldn't go
Hella slow, that's that dial up, watch it pile up
Andrew Auernheimer
Pulling on her weave
It's that Andrew Auernheimer
Andrew Auernheimer
Pulling on her weave
It's that Andrew Auernheimer
Andrew Auernheimer
Pulling on her weave
It's that Andrew Auernheimer
Andrew Auernheimer
Pulling on her weave
It's that Andrew Auernheimer
We are the dreams of our parents lost in the future
Who hide the deepest desires and wear a mask like a lucha-
Door open, we were smoking in the hotel
The vapors went through the hallway, the manager pissed as hell
I mean where's the line between Donnie G and Gambino?
He hang with girls like he Lena, but needed some time to re up
Tequila in the cantina, 30 dollars I swallowed
The sauce was so malo then she said "you need to grow up
You been doing this for too long
That camp was a million years ago, sing me a different song"
Whether you're trolling or controlling, just a reminder
You think you get it, you don't, it's the Andrew Auernheimer
I'm gone, now I'm back
Give a fuck or give 'em hell, just not a chance to react
Tyler Durden this burden, hurtin', they said there was curtains
Certain demise, look in his eyes, the pain inadvertent
I could've stayed where I was and have a life you'd be proud of
But I'd rather chase things never thought of
It was all love, saying "go hard"
Making dope, it's a trap, Ackbar backfired
Panic dreams, so it seems we're meant to die
I had to figure it out, "it's the best," no, that's a lie
Had to get some stuff off my chest, I vaporized
High on my own, it took time to realize
Because the internet, mistakes are forever
But if we fuck up on this journey, at least we're together
Man, I wish I could go back and tell that kid it's make-believe
Make 'em believe in themselves, people who needed my help
Feelings I felt, keeling myself
No one's ever been this lost
I just get the information retweeted or say it sucks
I just got the motivation, your talent's just a bunch of luck
Hard work and dedication, but lately it's run amok
Waking up in these places I don't remember
Texts from people I never met, doors left open
(Who are you? Don't do it. Who are you?)
I don't know who I am anymore
Still on the beat though
Still in the game, but he moves with a cheat code
Slowest connection ever, my life inside a computer
Them bands that'll make 'em dance, my wallet's Lollapalooza
The violence, first-person shooter
First person to move, first person to speak
My mils aren't meek, they scream in the streets
Losing my frame of reference, these pieces are shit with breakfast
Funny the day you born that's really your death sentence
I met this girl at a dinner, we conversating
She beautiful in the face, but her voice is truly amazing
And plus she write her own shit, becoming so close knit
Smoke up and talking to eat, she helping me focus
No Anna Nicole Smith, she getting hers
Niggas taking props like a musical live and learn
She say she feel alone all the time, I'm similar
I meet her in my dreams on the moon, I visit her
Every night I text her "I wanna solve the world, I think I need your help"
She text me "how you gon' trust somebody when you don't trust yourself?"
I mean she right though, 45 like a light-bulb
And I could've died like my iPhone, but I kept going like a psycho
And I took chance like a dice roll, dropping jewels like it's puberty
Wrote a note on the glass, "you see what these labels do to me"
Texts said "I'm Wet", I said "hold up, wait up a minute"
H2O plus my D, that's the hood I'm living in it
Never forget this feeling, never gonna reach a million
Eventually all my followers realize they don't need a leader
Stay on your own shit, fuck what these clones think
Just remember that you the shit, but act like it don't stink
We were childish but had to grow up
When you spitting real shit eventually you throw up
Realities like allergies, I'm afraid to go nuts
Life's the biggest troll but the joke is on us
Yeah, the joke's you showed up
You're here now. You have to help me
You have to help me
I need you. You have to help me
You have to help me
You have to help me
Please help me
Please help me
Please
Please help me
I watch them all pass by
The moon & the stars
Let me hold you in my arms, forever more
These cold nights, the park is ours
Standing, by the side
Let you go, oh to the sea, just for me
Don't let me lose my life
Keep holding on
Let the modest go
As my mic goes to and from
Waking up for one more show
We see him in the night
Tell him I'm not afraid of him
I'm not afraid of them
'Cause I won't know
[Verse 1]
Let 'em speak, I know I'm meek but the mils louder
Watch the throne, kings kill when the prince feels power
It's the real deal, Holyfield, holy shit, holy grail
Silver spoon coon, young buffoon, yeah, they know me well
I'm makin' moves, couldn't lose, doin' Parker Lewis
Hot on my own, self-immolate, I could be a Buddhist
Hot on my own, check your tone, check your stance homie
You don't even like me, you just trynna get my fans homie
So nerdy but the flow wordy
Brain-freezin' with the flow slurpie
Ice cold but you know I burn cash like I had herpes
Not true, but I'm that dirty
Niggas quit bein' hot man, cold turkey
While I'm out in Kauai, man, soul searchin'
And these niggas be afraid and I'm so certain
Cause they don't know what to do when the world's broken
A lot of people try and go and talk shit but your girl stops me on the street
Like it's stop and frisk and a bunch of DDots wanna talk a lot of shit
But that's cool cause in the real world they really don't exist
It's all because the internet
Chance made millions, Haim made millions
Dan made millions, Kendrick made millions
I would too if I wasn't in my feelings
[Interlude]
You know, cause like, people say money's not everything
But money, you need money to do what you wanna do
Like money is power, honesty is power, truth is power
But at the same time they tell you like
[Verse 2]
Ain't nothin' more important than the mula
You ain't really eatin' boy, you gotta get your food up
We so steady eatin' baby, you already know that
The way I'm droppin' new shit, I'm sittin' on the toilet
Every night I tour that, moment
But we don't take pictures, when you're rich you just see it again
The only thing they really worry about is me and the pen
Wrote some shit on Instagram, I'm just bein' honest
They tried to give your boy pills like I'm bein' violent
They tried to give your boy pills just to keep him silent
Keep tellin' people the truth, you could be iconic
They tried to give your boy pills, like "he's scarin' us"
Try to stay inside, I don't really like appearances
I try to stay inside, but they still got something to say
"Are you still on the show? Are you dating Jhené?"
It's deeper than that
Calico inside the handbag, I'm keepin' the cat
I got some niggas in reserve like I'm deep in Iraq
And I'm deep in the rap, and it's deeper than rap
This is deeper than rap
Blow up
World Star before rap, you already know that
So Fresh Prince, they are about to bring the show back
Listening to Kilo, weekend cost a kilo
Hair so long, I'm about to bring the fro back
Phone call gotta say Moshi Moshi
Girlfriend actin' all washy washy
It's your birthday, make it earthquake
Fell in love with a nigga like a mermaid
(Daddy, I love him!)
That's a first date
Nobody think about it worst case
Best case, we the front page
10K on the first day
Yeah, motherfucker, take your phone out
To record this
Ain't nobody can ignore this
I'm more or less, a moral-less individual
Making movies with criminals
Tryin' to get them residuals
When it all go crazy
When I hear that action, I'm a be Scorcese
(My nigga hold it horizontal man, Be professional)
(Worldstar!)
My girl ain't bad, she more like evil
When I'm lookin' in the mirror, how fly's this negro?
She on Hollywood and Vine
Thinkin' that she Hollywood on Vine
Makin' movies with her friends all the time
Showin' off her ass, that's a net twerk
But I saw through it like a wet shirt
Drive slow cause you might swerve off it
Still eat and the hate so salty
Put shrooms in my roommate's coffee
And got more likes than a white girl talking
More hits than a fight comp
Where they fight cops 'til they stop
When I heard shots
Watchin' dude drop from a Glock at a
Let me flash on 'em
We all big brother now
Lil' sis, let her run around
Money talkin', you know the sound
Brrrr, money counting
Brrrr, AK
Brrrr, cell phone
Brrrr, hello?
Yo, bro man, check out that video I just sent you, man
This shit's hilarious, man. It's like this kid, man
He got like, he got like hit on the side of the head
Man, he's like freakin' out
Like, it's like
No matter what you say or what you do
When I'm alone, I'd rather be with you
Fuck these other niggas, I'll be right by your side
Till 3005, hold up
Hold up, wait a minute, all good just a week ago
Crew at my house and we party every weekend so
On the radio, that's my favorite song
Made me bounce around, like I don't know, like I won't be here long
Now the thrill is gone
Got no patience, cause I'm not a doctor
Girl why is you lying, girl why you Mufasa
Yeah, mi casa su casa, got a stripper like Gaza
Got so high off volcanoes, now the flow is so lava
Yeah, we spit that saliva, iPhone got message from Viber
Either the head is so hydra, or we let bygones be bygones
"My God, you pay for your friends?" I'll take that as a compliment
Got a house full of homies, why I feel so the opposite?
Incompetent ain't the half of it
Saturdays we Young Lavish-ing
Saddest shit, is I'm bad as it
These they took from the cabinet (woah)
Sorry, I'm just scared of the future
Till 3005, I got your back, we can do this, hold up
No matter what you say or what you do
When I'm alone, I'd rather be with you
Fuck these other niggas, I'll be right by your side
Till 3005, hold up
No matter what you say or what you do
When I'm alone, I'd rather be with you
Fuck these other niggas, I'll be right by your side
Till 3005, hold up
I used to care what people thought
But now I care more
Man nobody out here's got it figured out
So therefore, I've lost all hope of a happy ending
Depending on whether or not it's worth it
So insecure, no one's perfect
We spend it, with no shame
We blow that, like Coltrane
We in here, like Rogain
Or leave it, like Cobain
And when I'm long gone, whole crew sing a swan song
Cause we all just ticking time bombs, got a lambo like Lebron's mom
And no matter where all of my friends go
Emily, Fam, and Lorenzo
All of them people my kinfolk
At least I think so
Can't tell
Cause when them checks clear, they're not here
Cause they don't care
It's kinda sad, but I'm laughing whatever happens
Assassins are stabbed in the back of my cabin
Labrador yapping
I'm glad that it happened, I mean it
Between us, I think there's something special
And if I lose my mental, just hold my hand
Even if you don't understand, hold up
No matter what you say or what you do
When I'm alone, I'd rather be with you
Fuck these other niggas, I'll be right by your side
Till 3005, hold up
No matter what you say or what you do
When I'm alone, I'd rather be with you
Fuck these other niggas, I'll be right by your side
Till 3005, hold up
We did it! Yay!
Nigga you so thirsty
[Hook: Childish Gambino]
Rainbows, sunshine
Rainbows, sunshine
Rainbows, sunshine
Rainbows, sunshine
[Bridge: Childish Gambino]
I thought I told you 'bout it
(Act like you know) [x3]
You don't leave home without it
(Move that kilo) [x3]
She on my back about it
(C3PO) [x3]
And all the time, ohh
(Act like you know) [x3]
[Verse 1: Childish Gambino]
How could you ever question? They know better to mention
The Budget truck ain't just enough to make her pay attention
The who, what, why, and where, they sport the flyest pairs
She got the nicest hair, and she know life is better with this liquor
It's crazy how the world look different
It's crazy how the girls look different
The colors and the sounds so vivid
You never catch your boy bo-bimbin'
Me sittin' on the sidewalk, now that don't sound right
But as long as I look fly by prom night, go
[Hook: Childish Gambino]
[Interlude]
Jhene Aiko's angelic harmonizing
[Verse 2: Jhene Aiko]
He slangs, his yay, through the corridors
Every day, 20 K, yep, at the very least for sure
And they say there's no way I should stay with someone like you
But I tell them no
There's no way I could stray, gotta stay with someone like you
Cause I know one day, you could take me away, far away
I know you could pay all the money you make
There'll be plenty of sunshine
[Outro]
I never worry ???bout it
(Act like you know) [x3]
I have my nigga count it
(Back up them O???s) [x3]
She???s dressed up in gold
Dressed up in gold
(C3PO) [x2]
I???m out of time
(Act like you know) [x3]
Where we were, kinda thing, betcha crawl, all alone
Who am I?
Rec League, I ain't payin' to ball
Y'all B-string like a broke guitar
And I still put it down like the family dog
Yeah, I murder some, I murder one
Explain it all, Ferguson
We ain't gotta sing the same old love song
Cut a white girl with the same black gloves on
Yeah what you saying to it?
Old money look new money go do it
Make 'em turn around in their lane like a U-ey
And I'm only looking back if I'm looking at her booty
(At her Booty)
What's the rationale?
They wanna smoke a niggas when they Black & Mild
So we acting out
Ok cool
Where we were, kinda thing, betcha crawl, all alone
Blue dream by the bouquet 'til I'm blue faced on a Tuesday
(Can I have some?)
#NiggasBeLike
Put a plus eighteen on that e-vite
And I said what I felt, no re-write
Nah nah, they can't hold me
June/July, drop something
I double dare you, I'm Marc Summers
I scorch winters, I burn autumns
Gut niggas, so Kurt Vonne
Elle Varner, got a crush on her
I gotta wait in line for that
Ain't nobody got time for that
Ain't nobody gotta rhyme with that
Too true like 2 Chainz
Blue Blood like he both gangs
Blow up
World Star before rap, you already know that
So Fresh Prince, they are about to bring the show back
Listening to Kilo, weekend cost a kilo
Hair so long, I'm about to bring the fro back
Phone call gotta say Moshi Moshi
Girlfriend actin' all washy washy
It's your birthday, make it earthquake
Fell in love with a nigga like a mermaid
(Daddy, I love him!)
That's a first date
Nobody think about it worst case
Best case, we the front page
10K on the first day
Yeah, motherfucker, take your phone out
To record this
Ain't nobody can ignore this
I'm more or less, a moral-less individual
Making movies with criminals
Tryin' to get them residuals
When it all go crazy
When I hear that action, I'm a be Scorcese
(My nigga hold it horizontal man, Be professional)
(Worldstar!)
My girl ain't bad, she more like evil
When I'm lookin' in the mirror, how fly's this negro?
She on Hollywood and Vine
Thinkin' that she Hollywood on Vine
Makin' movies with her friends all the time
Showin' off her ass, that's a net twerk
But I saw through it like a wet shirt
Drive slow cause you might swerve off it
Still eat and the hate so salty
Put shrooms in my roommate's coffee
And got more likes than a white girl talking
More hits than a fight comp
Where they fight cops 'til they stop
When I heard shots
Watchin' dude drop from a Glock at a
Let me flash on 'em
We all big brother now
Lil' sis, let her run around
Money talkin', you know the sound
Brrrr, money counting
Brrrr, AK
Brrrr, cell phone
Brrrr, hello?
Yo, bro man, check out that video I just sent you, man
This shit's hilarious, man. It's like this kid, man
He got like, he got like hit on the side of the head
Man, he's like freakin' out
Like, it's like
[Intro]
I'm flying
[Verse 1]
Man made the Web, you don't need a name
Man made of faults, I ain't too ashamed
Every thought I had, put it in a box
Everybody see it just before the cops
Trolling, trolling, trolling these niggas
Rick Rolling these niggas, they mad cause they don't know any better
"Hold up, it's the kid, quick, tell him he can't sit with us"
Fuck it, got money, bought friends like I'm TBS
VVS, I can see it all with the clarity
Real deep, hope they dig a nigga 'fore they bury me
Even though, we were told to go where they wouldn't go
Hella slow, that's that dial up, watch it pile up
[Bridge] x4
Andrew Auernheimer
Pulling on her weave, it's that Andrew Auernheimer
(Scratching)
[Verse 2]
We are the dreams of our parents lost in the future
Who hide the deepest desires and wear a mask like a lucha-
Door open, we were smoking in the hotel
The vapors went through the hallway, the manager pissed as hell
I mean where's the line between Donnie G and Gambino?
He hang with girls like he Lena, but needed some time to re-up
Tequila in the cantina, 30 dollars I swallowed
The salsa so malo then she said "You need to grow up
You been doing this for too long"
That "Camp was a million years ago, sing me a different song"
Whether you're trolling or controlling, just a reminder
You think you get it, you don't, it's the Andrew Auernheimer, I'm gone... Now I'm back, give a fuck or give 'em hell, just not a chance to react
Tyler Durden this burden, hurting, they said there was curtains
Certain demise, look in his eyes, the pain inadvertent
I could've stayed where I was and have a life you'd be proud of
But I'd rather chase things never thought of
It was all love, saying "Go hard"
Making dope, it's a trap, Ackbar backfired
Panic dreams, so it seems we're meant to die
I had to figure it out; "It's the best," no, that's a lie
Had to get some stuff off my chest, I vaporized
High on my own, it took time to realize
Because the Internet, mistakes are forever
But if we fuck up on this journey, at least we're together
Man, I wish I could go back and tell that kid it's make-believe
Make 'em believe in themselves, people who needed my help
Feelings I felt, keeling myself
No one's ever been this lost
I just get the information retweet it or say it sucks
I just got the motivation, your talent's just a bunch of luck
Hard work and dedication, but lately it's run amok
Waking up in these places I don't remember
Texts from people I never met, doors left open
(Who are you? Don't do it. Who are you?)
I don't know who I am anymore
Still on the beat though
Still in the game, but he moves with a cheat code
Slowest connection ever, my life inside a computer
Them bands that'll make 'em dance, my wallet's Lollapalooza
The violence, first-person shooter
First person to move, first person to speak
My mils aren't meek, they scream in the streets
Losing my frame of reference, these pieces of shit for breakfast
Funny the day you born that's really your death sentence
I met this girl at a dinner, we conversating
She beautiful in the face, but her voice is truly amazing
Plus she write her own shit, becoming so close knit
Smoke up and talk in the evening, she helping me focus
No Anna Nicole Smith, she getting hers
Niggas take her props like a musical live and learn
She say she feel alone all the time, I'm similar
I meet her in my dreams on the moon, I visit her
Every night I text her "I wanna solve the world, I think I need your help"
She text me "How you gon' trust somebody when you don't trust yourself?"
I mean she right though, 45 like a light-bulb
And I could've died like my iPhone, but I kept going like a psycho
And I took chance like a dice roll, dropping jewels like it's puberty
Wrote a note on the glass: "You see what these labels do to me?"
Texts said, "I'm wet"; I said, "Hold up, wait up a minute"
H2O plus my D, that's my hood, I'm living in it
Never forget this feeling, never gonna reach a million
Eventually all my followers realize they don't need a leader
Stay on your own shit, fuck what these clones think
Just remember that you the shit, but act like it don't stink
We were childish but had to grow up
When you spitting real shit eventually you throw up
Realities like allergies, I'm afraid to go nuts
Life's the biggest troll but the joke is on us
Yeah, the joke's you showed up
[Piano composition]
When we were coming down they said it was too soon
I never had to lie no no no no
We were coming down, they left us all alone
Way to nowhere, nowhere. I know you've been around
I feel you better now, how are you?
Do you sleep? Are you with me?
We used to be unspoken
Now everything is broken
I'm a good son
I'm a good son
You're a good son
You're a good son
Arlanda hotel to the bar
Young girl with an accent with her back bent
Ass out to the whole world
We can buy it out for tonight
Stepping outside for a light
No coke, and I just smoke vapor, no papers
Slow poke and I don't know about photos
Let's go though
How old are you?
Saying that you never date older dudes
That's why I never wanna say no to you
The coldest dude to hold a grove with no kids
Can't hold his goose
I'ma walk out, wanna walk too?
What about dude?
Fuck 'em, I just wanna feel something
It took my like five minutes to figure out what voices those were on the phone
But it figured it out
Is it real, cause you're on live
Is it real, cause you're on live
Is it real, cause you're on live
Is it real, cause you're on live
I'm a freaky bitch
I'm 5 foot 8, 390
And I am a freaky bitch
Heathen
It's a struggle just to keep breathing
Existential asthmatic, puff puff pass addict
Crafmatic, making moves but they sleeping on me
We can kick it like it's FIFA, homie
Nevertheless, I got that fresh like it was Crest
Crying cause I'm stressed. TMJ or TMI, it's a lie that you're living
I never understood the hate on a nigga's preference
When every marriage is a same sex marriage
Same sex everyday, monotonous
Lost god never pray, forgotten us
Lost love, never say just like our parents
Too much power ain't enough power
Brain splattered like I've fallen off a Watchtower
Any anybody can walk into any Denny's
And wait until I'm walking in it with a gun that they 3D printed and I finish it
Kinison said if you gonna miss heaven
Why miss it by two inches?
Old money and new bitches (Old money and new bitches)
[Verse 1]
Let 'em speak, I know I'm meek but the mils louder
Watch the throne, kings kill when the prince feels power
It's the real deal, Holyfield, holy shit, holy grail
Silver spoon coon, young buffoon, yeah, they know me well
I'm makin' moves, couldn't lose, doin' Parker Lewis
Hot on my own, self-immolate, I could be a Buddhist
Hot on my own, check your tone, check your stance homie
You don't even like me, you just trynna get my fans homie
So nerdy but the flow wordy
Brain-freezin' with the flow slurpie
Ice cold but you know I burn cash like I had herpes
Not true, but I'm that dirty
Niggas quit bein' hot man, cold turkey
While I'm out in Kauai, man, soul searchin'
And these niggas be afraid and I'm so certain
Cause they don't know what to do when the world's broken
A lot of people try and go and talk shit but your girl stops me on the street
Like it's stop and frisk and a bunch of DDots wanna talk a lot of shit
But that's cool cause in the real world they really don't exist
It's all because the internet
Chance made millions, Haim made millions
Dan made millions, Kendrick made millions
I would too if I wasn't in my feelings
[Interlude]
You know, cause like, people say money's not everything
But money, you need money to do what you wanna do
Like money is power, honesty is power, truth is power
But at the same time they tell you like
[Verse 2]
Ain't nothin' more important than the mula
You ain't really eatin' boy, you gotta get your food up
We so steady eatin' baby, you already know that
The way I'm droppin' new shit, I'm sittin' on the toilet
Every night I tour that, moment
But we don't take pictures, when you're rich you just see it again
The only thing they really worry about is me and the pen
Wrote some shit on Instagram, I'm just bein' honest
They tried to give your boy pills like I'm bein' violent
They tried to give your boy pills just to keep him silent
Keep tellin' people the truth, you could be iconic
They tried to give your boy pills, like "he's scarin' us"
Try to stay inside, I don't really like appearances
I try to stay inside, but they still got something to say
"Are you still on the show? Are you dating Jhené?"
It's deeper than that
Calico inside the handbag, I'm keepin' the cat
I got some niggas in reserve like I'm deep in Iraq
And I'm deep in the rap, and it's deeper than rap
This is deeper than rap
Someone gave you all my love baby
All my love
All my love
Someone gave you all my love baby
All my love
All my love
Someone gave you all my love baby
All my love
All my love
Someone gave you all my love baby
All my love
All my love
Someone gave you all my love baby
All my love
All my love
Someone gave you all my love baby
All my love
All my love
Someone gave you all my love baby
All my love
All my love
Someone gave you all my love baby
All my love
All my love
Someone gave you all my love baby
All my love
All my love
Power 106!
LA, it's ya girl, Yesi Ortiz
Got some brand-new music
I need y'all to turn it up and let me know what you think
It's Lloyd called "Oakland" on Power 106
I was making Japanese
And she's watching DVDs
In Oakland, in Oakland
Now I'm driving up the 5
And she waits till I arrive
In Oakland, in Oakland
Everything, that I wanted
Only gotta drive for the moment
If you tell me "turn around," then I'm on it
For the moment, but you know me
You know how I get when I'm lonely
I think about you and the moments
But everything you do is so Oakland, so Oakland
Foot on the gas
I'm just trying to pass
All the red lights
And the stop signs
I'm ready to go
Before I get to The Bay
Babe, that's a problem
Because I'm way too scared to call
And you might get me to stay, no
I don't really want to drive
But I think I'd rather die
In Oakland, in Oakland
With my hands on two and ten
So I guess it all depends
On Oakland, on Oakland
And I'm nervous, truth be told
I never saw me growing old
In Oakland, in Oakland
And if I married you tonight
It would probably start a riot
In Oakland, in Oakland
Everything, that I needed
Now I finally got you in your feelings
Everything you won't say, you tweet it
And a nigga don't like that shit at all
So retreating
Can we just roll with the feeling?
Can we just roll for a minute?
Wait a minute
Foot on the gas
I'm just tryna pass
All the red lights
And the stop signs
I'm ready to go
But I'm really not ready girl
That's a problem
'Cause I'm way too scared to fall
And I know that you choose to stay, no
All the girlfriends saying "here we go again"
Rich kid but he act like a gentleman
Last one didn't end like it should've been
Two dates and he still wanna get it in
And you're saying it's because of the Internet
Try once and it's on to the next chick
X-O the O face on your exes right?
And we can do the same thing if you wanna have better
When your thoughts can't breathe and you thinking asthmatic
And you wanna be a mom and I wasn't mad at her
I was thinking 'bout me, I'd be really bad at it
'Cause I'm thinking 'bout me, weeks in Dubai
Fourth of July, house in Kauai, yeah we can try
So let's try
Whoa
I took off my nine to five
But you still don't have the time to kiss me (just hit me)
And if I left you all alone, would you still pick up the phone
It's iffy, you miss me
I got furniture to move, and we'll both be thirty soon
In Oakland, in Oakland
The only one I know is you, so the fuck I'm supposed to do?
In Oakland, in Oakland
[Acapella Intro]
Mm mm mm
Doo doo doo da da da dum dum beh
Oh, eh, oh
Lost all of our woe
We lost all of our whoa-oh, sad love songs
Hey centipede, centipede, centipede, centipede, centipede...
[Hook]
Oh, eh, oh
Lost all of our woe
We lost all of our whoa-oh, sad love songs
Hey centipede, centipede, centipede...
[Verse 1]
'Bino, will you be my baby daddy, yup
I'm too fresh, man, the world ain't never had me, yup
I'm too fresh, man, y'all ain't never gave me that
Stone Mountain, ain't no doubting, and these niggas won't hold me back
They wasn't hating him anyway
My roommate exercise, man, he moving that heavyweight
My girl ain't down to ride, couldn't deal with my day to day
I'm at my Grandma's house, man, like I don't know what to say
Maybe "I'm sorry" but sorry don't pay the rent
I promise to pay you back
And I don't know where he at
But tell him he missing out
His grandson is cool as fuck
And tell me who be standing when them other ones giving up?
Let's keep it spontaneous, I don't need that rehearsal
More flow, man, than Progressive commercials
Get with the program, cause the plus loan that they putting us on
I got month long before I take the bus home.
[Hook]
[Verse 2]
I know this music shit ain't shit
And all these random niggas in my house make you anxious
And I ain't never told you that our love would be painless
But I was so in love with you I thought we could make it
Damn, I wasn't in it
Damn, we wasn't finished
Damn, I got us tickets
Damn, we went to Venice
Prioritize on our lives and made you into a business
That's why you wasn't surprised when I had made my decision
Gotta make it, cause if not I'm a failure, my wallet Azalea
And my brother still moving, ain't no shit I can tell him
Trying to keep him out of trouble, but the cops is wilding
It's nice to have a felon when the boys get violent
The Mexicans tried to jump me at the club
Funny thing was I thought they were stepping to show me love
Grandma's couch, my biggest fear and fantasy
When I ain't in her arms all I'm making is enemies
Here I'm screaming obscenities at a nigga
Wanted to live bigger than me
Them Etowah projects was eatin' our concept
If anyone walking out, what is you talking about?
Gun Hill Road made them summers feel cold
On the same train that my parents met on
Twenty years later and my pops still ghetto
High off of pressure, man, that's a stiletto
Got your own couch now but you don't feel better
[Hook]
Cos if not, I'm a failure
Cos if not, I'm a failure
Cos if not, I'm a failure
[Outro]
"It's not an unholy nigga, it's a Arab nigga in the store. You know what he want? Money, nigga. You know what your bitch want, you know why they feel they can't fuck with you? Cos you don't have no money, my nigga. Bitches do not want a nigga with no money. Did you not learn this in Harlem? Lesson number one. You can't keep saying you a Harlem nigga and you don't want that skrilla, nigga. Come on B, it's home of the hustlers, nigga. That's all you gotta understand. It's the hood nigga. It's make guap or die, nigga."
"School him."
"What do you think? Cos he gotta know, my nigga. Money is not equal, nigga. Go tell them niggas in Polo you don't wanna make no money, nigga. What they gon' say, "Oh, he right"? Hell no, nigga. You think niggas like selling crack and shit nigga? You think niggas like putting crack in they ass nigga, and selling cracks out they ass? You think niggas like shooting niggas, my nigga? You think niggas like tucking packs? You think niggas like baggin up? You know how boring baggin' is, my nigga? It's so boring, my nigga. There is no underground, Joe Budden is on his fourth mixtape selling shit. The underground is hot. There is no underground nigga. You don't see Raekwon or none of these niggas on the block. There's no more block, nigga, it's over for the block. You ask any nigga on the block, do they wanna be on the block? They gon' say no, nigga. Get your money, man. Stop trying to be gooned out.
"Hood niggas don't want to be—"
"Hood niggas don't want to be hood niggas, my nigga. Everything niggas do, everything niggas do is for money, my nigga. What's one thing that niggas do in the hood that isn't for money? What bitch would want a nigga with no money? Huh? Huh! ? Yo, slime! It's your time."
This world Donald has talked about creating was born way back in 2011 on his debut album "Camp", without us even being aware of it. The final track on the album, "That Power" features a large monologue spoken by Donald, or THE BOY, speaking about his experience with this girl whom he met on the camp. THE BOY is thirteen years old at this point
[Quote: "That Power"]
And I think just after a point I'm just talking to lengthen the time where we live in a world where you haven't said "yes" or "no" yet. And regrettably I end up using the word "destiny."
[End quote]
When he runs out of things to say to this girl, he falls asleep, and wakes up at the pickup point where all the parents are collecting their kids. As he gets off the bus, the girls from the back of the bus run into THE BOY and mock him for what he said to the girl who he'd spent the bus ride home talking to. He expresses that he didn't know the girl was friends with these other girls, because it appears as though when THE BOY was asleep, the girl he was talking to decide to share what he told her
THE BOY states that he learned to cut out the middle man all the time and just tell everyone, because they're going to find out somehow anyway. [Maybe this is maybe why we're getting such a personal album from Donald in "Because The Internet", because he is cutting out the middle man and just expressing his feelings and emotions through is music.] THE BOY finishes
[Quote: "That Power"]
I wish I could say this was a story about how I got on the bus a boy and got off a man more cynical, hardened, and mature and shit. But that's not true. The truth is I got on the bus a boy. And I never got off the bus. I still haven't
[End quote]
The album "Camp" seems to take place on a metaphorical camp. Rap Genius states that the first four tracks ("Outside", "Fire Fly", "Bonfire" and "All the Shine") are a representation of his childhood, rise to success, rise to fame and realisation that it's not all that it is cracked up to be
THE BOY mentions that he finds his dad in the parking lot and he goes back home, but at the end of the monologue he states that he still hasn't got off the bus. Maybe he did get off the bus at that point, but maybe there is something that stayed behind on the bus
Also, remember how he learned to cut out the middle man? Instagram
[Instrumental]
[Distorted Lyrics: Childish Gambino]
Slide baby
I'm gonna let it go
No one has to know so let it-
Slide baby
I'm gonna let it go
No has to, No one-no one
Slide baby...
I watch them all pass by
The moon & the stars
Let me hold you in my arms, forever more
These cold nights, the park is ours
Standing, by the side
Let you go, oh to the sea, just for me
Don't let me lose my life
Keep holding on
Let the modest go
As my mic goes to and from
Waking up for one more show
We see him in the night
Tell him I'm not afraid of him
I'm not afraid of them
'Cause I won't know
We gon' have a party
All my friends will be there
We drink all the vodka
There's music everywhere
Now wait a minute (Wait a minute) do you like to party?
Cause if you don't, don't come over here
We got smoking (Blue dream)
Drinking (Cocaine)
Fucking
I wanna show you what it is
Thought I was done but that wasn't the case
Got a new stack that I threw in your face
Got a new girl and she look Mila Kunis
Infinity pool, and a statue that's Buddhist
Got bottles and bottles and bottles of Grino
Saw I was rich, now they fuckin' with 'Bino
Brown leather bag, the vacation Messina
The boat in the harbor, I woo the marina
10K for the drinks, now they say I'm insane
It's been that for a minute, now Hedi Slimane
Been black, lucrative, since Danity Kane
Who came back for a minute, now everything changed
High as a kite, lime in the light
Y'all niggas might whine every night
I invite all these people to my motherfuckin' house
Get the fuck out of my house!
[Hook (x2)]
One love
You can let it out
You can let it out
You can let it out, cause
Shoulda known, shoulda known
Shoulda known, shoulda known
[Verse 1]
Bino, I'm so for real-o, green like I'm Cee Lo
Hangin' out with Kilo... Kish, smokin' on that keisha
I'ma need that visa
I'm working on everything that I'm touching man
I'm bussin' two white Russians drinking themselves
But it still ain't nothing yo
It's East side if you can't tell, North Decatur and Glendale
So f*ck y'all, all y'all, if y'all don't like me... good
Put that on my partner man, I wish a n*gga would
I say we ain't playing man I hope that's understood
I'm in my zone though, f*cking round with that 4-0
Eating my mamas salmon but skipping on the risotto
Girl said that she need the follow, tweet her and she'll do any
Man, I'm trying to stay off, readin' em makes me angry
On the back on the tour bus, recording the two of us
Stacks at the Apple store, man this ballin' is new to us
Trying to make amends, bailing on all my friends
N*gga went to the clubs and a beat to Gucci instead
Man I'm feelin' right, my n*gga Fam yelling "don't stop"
And half my crew is always faded on some lowtop
Stopped drinking for the most part
My only vices all our pictures on my laptop
Screaming at me saying "I ain't what you really want"
Christina's parents baby all I make is Milians
We got the shows, we got the paper, but I want respect
So tell them haters we ain't quitting yet
Let 'em know
[Hook (x2)]
[Verse 2]
One love, the thing that hasn't changed
My parents lost their job, it's so cold in the A
Now that I'm 1%, I send most of it home
I want to stunt but she need to pay off her student loans
And everybody saying, "Get it while you hitting man
We want them harder beats, that 808 you slipping man"
Dude is so stupid popping anything they hand me
On that parking lot pimping and politicking in Miami
In that home of the D where they sell that cake batter
Heard a voice in the back, came from all the fake rappers
That I sh*tted on, sh*tted on
Sh*tted on, sh*tted on
Rap your soul, dude, let the mic blaze
Show 'em A-Town, East Side, all day
I put it on, I put it on
I put it on, I put it on
Life is somethin' IMAX, film is at a climax
I ain't even started, Was it stupid I departed?
Man, probably, but now we do the things we always wanted
I'm proud of me, cause I am undoubtedly a force to be reckoned with
Please somebody cum laude me
Graduated, anticipated the hatred and doubted me
Not a prodigy, just a hard worker from the Dean's List
But most these rappers doin' so-so like a seamstress
Jesus
D Money (x4)
[Verse 1:]
D-Money ho
All we do is tell them so
Why we look professional
And you look like a talent show
All we do is bank, royalty forever and
Find a bad bitch, bring her home like a veteran
Make her waffles, with pecans
I'm eating, one free hand
Been saying that we roll with the illest
Like roaches in the kitchen, go and watch a nigga kill it
I'm a P-I-M-P, why we spelling
Cause there's K-I-Ds around
DeKalb County, where you at
If you with me, holla back
ATL done got them here
Bankhead Row turned Hollowell
Percocet's for my kinfolk
My girl look like Miss Info
Y'all been slow, I been told
Y'all Kinkos, copy ho
No I ain't drunk, I just text badly
Running through paper like a pep rally
When I'm in your city better get rowdy
I spit Downy, no shit 'bout me
Stone Mountain Georgia, got something for ya
Killing bars, I'm a lawyer
Baby drinking Goya, girl put your shades on
Man I die for my hood, Trayvon
[Hook:]
D-Money, get em, get em, get em, get em, get em
D-Money, get em, get em, get em, get em, get em
D-Money, get em, get em, get em, get em, get em
D-Money, get em, get em, get em, get em, get em
[Verse 2:]
He talk shit, he better not
Rap game, my wet spot
I fucked y'all, you fucked up
Like white girls with dreadlocks
So dread not, I rowboat
These hoes know, no photos
My girl ball like Lobo
Then she blow my Casey
And Jojos, where the fuck my money at
In the hood like I'm fixing a Pontiac
On deck with a gang of black Kennedies
Eight goons and they all got felonies
Still getting money like white folks
Still got quotes like Geico
I don't know French, that's my fruit
Never not funny like fat jokes
(Like when someone is like, "what happened to Chris? "
And you turn around and there's like a fat guy that kind of looks like Chris
And you like, "oh shit" and you start laughing and shit)
And I'm back in this bitch
And I'm black and I'm rich
And I'm cashing it in for some fashion and sin
For some matching with them, yeah
Got a stank ho with me
Driving around and I run the whole city
Everybody know she got tig old bitties
But nobody cares like it's J-Cole/Diggy
Jordan Diddy on my stereo
High on shrooms like Mario
Salvia, shamanic drugs
Fuck my life, they on to us
I'm fly as fuck
[Hook]
D-Money, get em, get em, get em, get em, get em
D-Money, get em, get em, get em, get em, get em
D-Money, get em, get em, get em, get em, get em
D-Money, get em, get em, get em, get em, get em
[Verse 3:]
Fuck y'all, I come hard
Like Spongebob, my friends stars
Like Friendster, nobody goe remember you
Whack dudes, they like you
But only for a day or two
They hated you
From now on, like D-Money
Like faze on, I hate on that
Lame song they play on and play on
I can't take, royalty
On my shit, on my dick
I can't wait
Toe to toe, I bang shit
Homophobes on gay shit
You don't know the hoes I hang with
My bungalow's like Vegas
Had a couple million but I put them in her stomach
She like, "oh my God, I'm coming"
I kiss her neck and she love it
Yeah we got a safe word, so we never use it
And I'm hiding all these bruises in a shirt I got from Houston
Got her using the acoustics
In my cruiser's new Isuzu
And who knew I'd be on Hulu with two dudes I used to Google
I'm frugal with time, every girl's a dime
When your bank account's mine...
We Just Say "Fuku Burger"
[Hook]
D-Money, get em, get em, get em, get em, get em
D-Money, get em, get em, get em, get em, get em
D-Money, get em, get em, get em, get em, get em
D-Money, get em, get em, get em, get em, get em
[Featuring: Bun B]
[Verse 1: Bun-B]
Late ass nights come from long days
Doin' all the right things in the wrong ways
Doin' all the wrong shit for the right reasons
Sprinklin' midnight game, call it night seasoning
Haters get salty give 'em cholesterol
Trill O.G, mop up the floor with the best of y'all
Then dry that bitch off with the rest of y'all
And catch a flight to Rio de Janeiro for la festival
Yeah, and that's word to fit a baldy
Ball hard like I see menace out of my Spalding
And I'll break your face with a no look pass
Now back to your parking lot pimp with yo little hook ass
I use harsh words cause these are hard times
And trill-ass people, nowadays they're such a hard find
So it's when I open if I could keep 'em
And one on the scope, so if they frontin' I can sleep 'em
Man, my flow is so parabolic
The energy'll blow you over even if you're Broly
Goddamn it, now that's one for the Googlers
That fell asleep on they desk and never step their noogle up
Takin' lames out never been new to us
The hardest part of this shit is figurin' which of you to bust
Then step your weight up like GNC
And R.I.P. to Chris Luda reppin' CNC
Straight G
[Hook x2]
There's somethin' inside you
It's hard to explain
They're talking about you boy
But you're still the same
[Verse 2: Childish Gambino]
Rest in peace to them niggas who was dead wrong
Toni Braxton to them niggas, that's a sad song
Cry a river Timberlake, the whole industry
Record the whole album in my living room in Italy
Niggas who wasn't feelin' me secretly want a handout
Keep your mouth shut, I can probably help your man out
Drop a new stack all lames get to steppin'
Drop a new track all blogs go to heaven
Kill the web, man these niggas need they hits up
Kiss her neck, add a dime to the tip cup
She is not "slut," fuck a dude who says so
Just because she fuckin' doesn't mean she ain't a lady
Kill the whole stage, I never needed a mic check
Semen on my spacebar, fuckin' tired of Skype sex
Runnin' with a new breed, me and Bun B
This hip-hop nation, that big country
Nigga please! We ain't stop for no one
Wu-Tang Generator name, I'm a sh? gun
Wu-Tang Generator name, watch him smoke one
Talk a lot of sh*t, but none of them will approach him
Gambino got first position, the game is ballet
So graceful; drive, he don't need a valet
So angel: fly as I wanna be
Mercy, somebody show these niggas can't hurt me
Woah
Picking out my fro with my fist comb
I got a tab at the Stone baby, this long
My little brother was having a little trouble
I hope that he doesn't care that it's in this song
Korean town lunchin', talking 'bout how to run things
He said Atlanta wanted something
Waka, Jeezy, and Future got the streets locked down
Copycats making sure Tip keep that crown
I'm fucking 'round with the truth, went to see The Roots
Quest brought me back on stage in a suit
I went hard cause niggas say that I'm soft
Even Black Thought thought I maimed it a little hard, I gotta be honest
Feeling like the other stuff is kinda behind us
Making jokes here and there done got us some dollars
I'm tryna show the whole world what it is and it ain't a game
He said homie stay the course, ain't shit changed
Weird night and everybody was tipsy
Hanging out with Questlove reminiscing 'bout Whitney
He like, "Man, we can't even make it to 50?!"
That reminds me, I sent a long text message to my mom and pop
I got the same speech when I left 30 Rock
My mom like "Why you wanna leave a good job?"
My dad like "Do your thing, boy, don't stop"
Shout out to my nigga Lud, shout out to my nigga Swank
For hanging at the crib and telling me what you think
Speak from your heart and never compromise what you feel is real
And never let these white people tell you how to feel
Never let anybody tell you how to feel
I wanted what they had back in the fourth grade
Family vacas, you know I did it all
Just to see my little sis by a waterfall
My great granddad bought his own freedom
Walk barefoot to Virginia to start his own peanut farm
So don't be alarmed, man I'm royalty
Jam of the week, V103
No cosign, no bovine
More swag, pull back on the punchlines
Starving, every track means lunch time
I'm a star, how could I not shine?
Fuck boys chase hype-track chicks
And niggas who stopped texting after 1.6
DG Lover ain't nothing to fuck wit'
D-Money ain't nothing to fuck wit'
And what's a leader if he isn't reluctant
Too bad for y'all, I'm blasting off
I'm not Asher Roth, I don't sleep on my bread
Dick riders stay close, I might flash a ball
Sometimes, all this shit make a nigga feel guilty
I used to sleep with them roaches
Back of my mind though, I hope the show gets cancelled
Maybe then I can focus
Hawaii touch down, go ahead baby put your shades on
East Side! East Side to the gravestone!
Brown liquor, but my girl in Bed-Stuy
Nigga, you got Drive like a sale at Best Buy
Hold up, hold up, we can do better
Put my voice on the track, man that shit is much wetter
At the studio at 8 AM
Hit the booth then eat, nigga we ain't them, nigga we ain't them!
Drop a line, it's your Facebook status
Said that shit about a week ago, you still mad at us
If there's something on your chest, nigga let it out
Cause I'm the best da da da
[Featuring: Steve G. Lover]
[Hook: Childish Gambino]
Yea, we party 'til the sun up
You ain't liking what we doing shut up
You ain't liking what we doing shut up
We got that extra life, n*gga one up
[Verse 1: Steve G. Lover]
F*ck the recession, I'ma keep this thing going
If you ain't know 'em, bet you probably still work for 'em
Chick from Bermuda, that's right I get my work foreign
They don't get paid, I got hard d*ck and purp for 'em
N*ggas out of line, get a shovel in the dirt for 'em
N*ggas wanna move, get the trucks and the shirt for 'em
OG status, my job's got perks for 'em
Money, clothes, hoes, you ain't ever gotta search for 'em
You know what I'm doing, n*gga I'ma do things
Getting to the money, I guess I got a few things
Fifteen nines, five dimes, only two chains
Smoke like Jamaicans, run it like I'm Usain
Fresh from the haircut down to the shoestrings
Hoes talk about me, I'ma need a new name
Steve G the prince, I'm looking like the new king
All I do is win so who the hell's losing
[Hook (x2)]
[Verse 2: Childish Gambino]
Bino what the dealy, I heard that flow was silly
I heard you was so east side and that pussy's your Achilles
But really it's time to get up, smoking on that get up
Bino lay it down and work it out like a sit up
I'm feeling like a winner, my living be so easy
My old girl look Leona, my new girl look Ukemi
So illy, I got espressos, mi mami give me besos
Shades on my face, Armani helping me lay low
D-Money get his name, these other n*ggas lame
These n*ggas used to hate me, I guess ain't nothing changed
Shotgun in the Porsche, she don't know where we going
American Royalty on that yolo Ralph Lauren
It's that city where Luda be, stunting was new to me
But now we killing paper, f*ck it I might just shoot a G
Leave your face open like you Breezy, I mean it
Nobody need to see nobody leaking, believe me
[Hook (x2)]
[Featuring: Gonage]
[Verse 1: Gonage]
I got yo bitch layin' naked 'cross the bed, no rosary
Stackin' up this bread like a banker, just a fee
She wanna refill, so I get that ho a B
Niggas on the sideline yellin' "Who the fuck is he?"
Bitch I'm mac gun, you can call me Cody B
Wardrobe overseas, passports all over me
White leather seats lookin' like coca leaf
Every time I crank up the woofer sittin' on a key
I'm Gucci buckled up, house note on my feet
Linen button-up like I'm walkin' round on the beach
Blind hoes notice me in my Range Rover Jeep
So they wanna come and talk to me like Jodeci
Smokin' in the morning, and when I go to sleep
Blowin' presidential man I think they 'about to vote for me
Any event we party like a frat, no toga sheet
If money ain't the combo [?]
[Hook]
If you ain't talkin' cash, don't say shit
In the VIP we champagne-spray shit
I'm in the club lookin' like a bank statement
If you talkin' cash, I can make arrangement
Walked in the club, ain't pay shit
Broke niggas hate, caus' they ain't shit
I'm gettin' to the cash pockets on payment
If you talkin' cash, I can make arrangement
Cody
[Verse 2: Childish Gambino]
Cody Bean Sr., pushin' mean ether
You don't know Childish, nigga me neither
Eastside Atlanta, flyest nigga in a Waffle House
If it ain't money, man, we ain't got shit to talk about
Kennedy compound, my 20-room house
So big my ex-girls ain't gotta move out
If you ain't talkin' cash, don't say shit
My bank account look like when little kids break shit
Ooooooo, if I'm breathin' I can handle it
Watching all my dreams get together like an ampersand
Blueprint the new shit, mixtape management
Show these dummies how to do it, all I want's my ten percent
Porsche brand new, passed 'em a cool hundred
Yeah my girl 5'2", even her growth stunted
It's the nigga y'all knew back when I flipped meal cards
Now my meals free when I don't taste the fifth star
We can make arrangements, old money Cambridge
Meetin' with the moguls, make 'em richer and they owe you
It's the kid you used to talk about, I'm watchin' people get up on it
On Worldstar and I ain't have to have a nigga moment
Flow's always cold, keep the whole soul anemic
Never left that hard shit, a nigga's always constipated
Got the change for my cousin on froze, no more movin' weight
Flossin' hard, ice king, no more Finn and Jake
Love or hate you gotta say the hype is something handsome
As long as all of 'em bloggin' I'm living Richard Branson
Shit talkers still talk, haters on my billboard
Used to take the Q home, now I hang with schoolboys
So iconic, Black Kennedy this shit
Man I'm so ironic, man this ratchet need a fix
Droppin' new shit and the haters get the splashback
Don't be surprised when he ask you where the cash at
[Featuring: Josh Osh]
[Hook: Josh Osho]
We finally made it
And now we sailin
I never dreamed wed get this far
My heart keeps asking
How did it get so wonderful? So wonderful
How did it get so wonderful? So wonderful
[Verse 1: Childish Gambino]
You can call the shots, Im going to my aunts house
Whats it all about? Lookin like Im Millhouse
Whats it all about? I aint get my bike back
I aint get my bike back, I know where he live at
I know what he look like, I know what I live like
Five to a bed, head to toe, thats a good night
Five to a bed, head to toe, with the fan on
I dont think these other niggas know what your man on
I used to have to sneak just to get my food
Free lunch made it feel like they dont approve
Sell a card for a dollar used to be the mood
I wanna be Jabari man that nigga cool
I wanna lash out nigga keep your cool
All my friend did was draw something now he outta school
Cuz everything was always Show me what youre made of
And everybody knew somebody who was laid up
I didnt need it, momma said its a lesson
Some people will never like you
Dont letem catch you stressin
You know a codes a code, the world cant stopem
Eating out rat holes and Cheerios boxes
This nigga think he hot shit, he think he good at everything
I just didnt wanna get left out more
My little sis mom got shot, she in the newspaper
Prayers couldnt save her, she died a day later
Like my cousin got the HIV
When she bust the leg open playing jump rope
Should I tell them kids what the fucks up?
They gone judge her and me
Man fuck them, we livin, all is forgiven
I fucked up royally
But now thats who we are man you gotta use the royal "we"
This is royalty, and this is all I ever wanted cuz
[Hook x2]
[Featuring: RZA and Hypnotic Brass Ensemble]
[Intro: RZA]
Digital. Childish Gambino
Mixtape demonstrations
[Verse 1: RZA]
This Oxycontin carbon monox' and toxic concoction
Collapse your brain cells, they swell from lack of oxygen
Leave the opposition stuck, without a pot to piss in
Hocking, spitting up blood, shark by sharp precision
Dart incision, darkness imparts your vision
Sparks infliction, (poof) I'm a mad magician
Double plasma, verbal scatter, globe will shatter
Every atom in your body, now you antimatter
Ripping through the data, checked into the doctor
Took his rhyme splatter, cause my mind's faster
You falling down to ground, while I climb the ladder
Too much garbage in your gallbladder, fall flatter
On your face, now you carry by the pall-bearer
Or wear the black suit, eyes all teared up
Oh no, when your ho make a boss lit up
We in the rib with a smirk nigga, all geared up
Childish Gambino or Bobby Digi'lino on the tracks
We breaking more backs that Sammartino, Bruno
We saw more baselines than Juno
Change more law in New York than Mr. Cuomo
Godfather novels I write like Mario Puzo
Master time fix the clocks like I'm Hugo
Hold the weight like nine sumos
Bust shots like John Lugo
You know how the Wu go
[Verse 2: Childish Gambino]
Look sharp, homie give yourself a face lift
High brow, eyebrows on a spaceship
Take sips of that Ace of Spades-es
Saving all my money just to waste on a bracelet
Can't see them haters, we don't give a fuck though
Charge it to the game, keep a lame so cutthroat
Never slip a fast one, the game is so in front of me
Travel 'round the globe, spend a nigga 'bout a 100 G's
Pack them crowds up, boss like Bowser
Deep pocket poetry, my custom trousers
Thank God they found us, the game was starvin'
I'm clean and concrete, you ass and Charmin
Bobby Digital, Do you really think these niggas know shit?
Shopping in Manhattan and I ran into my old chick
Pride is a bitch. I am not a grown up
Tweetin' when I'm 70, these half-dead followers
She look like she Spelman, secretly she Hofstra
Put her in the club, all she wanna hear is Waka
Put her in the crib, all she wanna hear is Waka
She jerk when I move like her old boy popped her
Home is that Outkast, soul like Phonte
Old-school J's like Beyonce's fiance
Back on on my dumb shit, nigga we the stupidest
Gave them niggas real shit, don't know what to do it
I did what I did man, did you see it though?
'Bino hard and fast, niggas sweet and low
American Royalty, family loyalty
We cream of the crop why the fuck would we stop?
She had two sons: Both of 'em good grades
Both of 'em rap songs
Where did she go wrong?
Nowhere mama, we just go where the money at
Black Kennedy, where the fuck you niggas at?
[Featuring: Ghostface Killah]
[Intro]
It's royalty
It's royalty
[Verse: Ghostface Killah]
Hey world, this is lollipop
Raps for the sweet tooth
The real fiends who want that GhostFace and Sheek Louch
Big chain changlin' charms, they be danglin'
Eighty thou worth of the ice, I'll strangle 'em
My raw fish scale, paid the jeweler named Ishmael
Had to eagle fly back to my wrist
Bigger chips, bigger wings, bigger rings
I'm with the Childish Gambino
On that Eastwood shit, pushin' a Gran Turino
Tarantino don't got reservoir dogs like mine
Thirty six different niggas with the same state of mind
Dirty ghetto kids lovin' them haters
We got skaters that'll ox your whole face off
Rob you like Madoff
Drug kingpins on the diet, we get that weight off
Real hood niggas snatch a bitch and clean your plate off
Gambino rap, cash money crack, table casino
Pushers into emerald sapphire visuals
Okay, it's Childish Gambino, homegirl drop it like the NASDAQ
Move white girls like there's coke up my asscrack
Move black girls cause, man, fuck it, I'll do either
I love pussy, I love bitches, dude, I should be runnin' PETA
In Adidas, with some short shorts, B-O-O all over me
My green is where it's supposed to be, your green is in my grocery
This Asian dude, I stole his girl, and now he got that Kogi beef
My dick is like an accent mark, it's all about the over Es
Hot like a parked car
I sound weird like nigga with hard R
Fly like the logo on my cousin's 440
Eatin' Oreos like these white girls that blow me
Vodka for my ladies, whiskey for a grown man
Hangin' in the islands, lookin' for Earl like Toejam
I made the beat retarded, so I'm callin' it a slow jam
Butcher and I know it, man, kill beef, go ham
These rappers are afraid of him
Cause I'm a beast, bitch, Gir, Invader Zim
Gambino is a call girl, fuck you, pay me
Brand new whip for these niggas like slavery
They told me I was awful man, that shit did not phase me
Tell me how I suck again, my memory is hazy
"You're my favorite rapper, now" Yeah, dude, I better be
Or you can fuckin' kiss my ass, Human Centipede
You wanna see my girl? I ain't that dumb
You wanna see my girl? Check Maxim
"Man, why does every black actor gotta rap some?"
I don't know, all I know is I'm the best one
It's a bonfire, turn the lights out
I'm burnin' everything you muthafuckas talk about
It's a bonfire, turn the lights out
I'm burnin' everything you muthafuckas talk about
You know these rapper dudes talk shit, start killin'
Fuck that, got goons like an archvillain
I'm from the South, ain't got no accent, don't know why
So this rap is child's play, I do my name like Princess Di
Yeah, they say they want the realness, rap about my real life
Told me I should just quit: "first of all, you talk white!
Second off, you talk like you haven't given up yet"
Rap's stepfather, yeah, you hate me but you will respect
I put in work, ask Ludwig
Put my soul on the track like shoes did
Played this for my cousin, now he can't even think straight
Black and white music? Now, nigga, that's a mixtape
Shoutout to my players, they represent the realness
Shoutout to Gambino, girls, my dick is in the building
I know you hate me nerdy your little fuckin' boy be on ya
Like girls who dirty, but wit' niggas they be sayin' Oww
Sorry for who coddled you
Chillin' with a Filipino, at your local Jollibee
Yeah, I'm in her ass like sodomy
So if you see my finger under the table, don't bother me
I don't talk soft, that's that other guy
I'm sayin' "What the fuck is up?" like I ain't seen the sky
And shit I'm doin' this year? Insanity
Made the beat then murdered it, Casey Anthony
These rappers don't know what to do
Cause all I did was act me like a Looney Tune
I'll give you all of me until there's nothing left
I swear this summer will be summer Camp, bitch!
[Featuring: Alley Boy, Swank, Tina Fey]
[Hook: Childish Gambino]
I got a PJ for the whole crew
Passport looking old news
Champagne in a glasshouse
Old money know what I'm about
Put your money in that real estate
I put my money in that real estate
I put my money in that real estate
Nigga I'm from Georgia that's the realest state
[Verse 1: Childish Gambino]
I'm feeling like New Zealand, charge it to the Am-X
Gotta use that latex or she living like a princess
They don't wake you up in private, let a nigga sleep
I got houses in the mountains, man Will Smith live down the street
Got that generation money my grandkids are assholes
Stacking something dummy every verse I got got cash flow
Monaco they loved me, I'm wearing something ugly
But they still know I'm rich though so my doo-rag lookin' stuffy
Rollin' with the royalty Kauai is just my Camelot
Glasshouse, champagne, white shirt, no socks, no top Saint Bart's
Pushin' 997's like I'm making fuckin' phone calls
Half a mill is low bar
Lot of diamonds light bright, whiskey older than Betty White
Spot me on Dalmatian coast, Croatian girls salvation us
Make something of myself man
Somebody let'em know, 'cuz it's that eastside nigga
[Hook]
[Verse 2: Alley Boy]
Ridin' around with a whole meal, real estate can a nigga live
Gold slug no ice grill, deal with molly, no ecs pill
Georgia nigga I'm A-town, eastside nation wide
Rep nigga like Tim Briggs, killed them, homicide
Real estate that's my estate Georgia pizza like Big Meech
Mason Ave, that's my street, we sellin' crack on Front Street
Old money got dust on it, old chopper got rust on it
New crib, ticket on it, just cashed out seven figures on it
Baby momma, stank bitch fought child support, I'm too rich
Pissy hoe got lucky, you can pay your bills on my dick
My driver license's suspended, but I'm still ridin' in a Bentley
I'm still strapped with that semi, real estate we winnin'
Me and Childish Gambino, plenty chips no casino
Poppin' bottles with models they gon' suck us up pronto
Put my grill in your real estate, know I come from that realest state
Niggas eating off paper plates, we just copped them new Audi 8s
[Hook (x2)]
[Outro 1: Swank]
Man Atlanta showing love too, man
Shout out to Eastside, shout out to Southside, Westside
And for the North side, man them niggas up there be testin'
Ain't nothing changed man, we still get money out here
Royalty forever in this bitch
Gambino nigga, you know what I'm saying?
That new shit man
One time for the one time man, real nigga stand up
Two times for the bad bitches, three for the rich
You know what I'm talking about?
You know what it is man, yeah man
Money talk, bullshit walkin' marathon
Real niggas know what I'm talking about
Royalty forever motherfucker
Gambino forever motherfucker
Get used to it, Royalty nigga, Royalty motherfucker
Motherfucking eastside stand up, Stone Mountain, L-town
We in this bitch like we fucking a dog or some shit my nigga
Man y'all motherfuckers already know what it is
Royalty forever in this bitch, bitch niggas fall back
Real recognize real and y'all sucka niggas ain't it
You feel me? Man don't watch me, watch TV
Wait, 'Bino on that shit too, God damn
Man we gettin' that white people money, you heard that?
Matter of fact Tina, tell these niggas what I'm talking about one time
[Outro 2: Tina Fey]
Yeah we in here, we in this thing
Gambino is forever, Royalty is forever
We ballin' 'till we fuckin' up the hardwood homey
This is the life we live, son
My president is black and my Prius is blue motherfucker
Royalty all day, we droppin' racks in Nordstroms son
That's racks on racks damn it
You feel me? You feel me?
This is the part where most people would say something crazy and drop the n-word after it
Not going to, not gonna do that
I don't feel comfortable
I'm out!
I'm on my ballin' each and every day
Asian girls everywhere, UCLA
You see me babe? You see me babe?
Asian girls everywhere, UCLA
I'm on my ish, call it
I watch these haters take they shots like they were alcoholics
"What is he wearing? Somebody jack that fool's steeze"
If I'm a faggot spell it right, I got way more than two G's
Nigga I'm amazing, I'm a phenom
I'm assassin, I'mma kill y'all
I'mma say ma ma sa, ma ma coo sa
And this shit's closed now cause I ball too hard
And I'm cumming on her face, have I gone too far?
I don't know, who cares, I don't love that broad
And it's funny how these fake niggas always act hard
I'm a black star in a black car with a black card
They wanna knock me out
They tryin nigga
Realest motherfucker in the game like Tron, nigga
Forget these white girls
I need some variation
Especially if she very Asian
She got an ugly friend? Roll solo
Can I stay at your place? No hobo
Not my fault, man, these ladies love me
She's an overachiever cause all she do is succeed
I'm on my ballin' each and every day
Asian girls everywhere, UCLA
You see me babe? You see me babe?
Asian girls everywhere, UCLA
Send me naked pics, Imma Tumbl that
Im the shit, been the shit, fuck a humble brag
Yeah Im pushin that, and her pussycat
I got swag out my ass so Im usin that
Texting with Olivia Munn, hopefully shell give me some
Or some Rosie Jones, man
Hoes is hoes is hoes, man
Racks on racks on racks, man
All I got is tracks, man
Sorry for my accent, but Ive been practicin
Everywhere ya go niggas blastin that Gambino
Niggas be like, "You ain't know?"
Bitches be like, "You ain't know?"
Met this fly Latino
Hope that she eighteen though
If she not, Ill say that I got deep throat in Heathrow
I'm on my ballin' each and every day
Asian girls everywhere, UCLA
You see me babe? You see me babe?
Asian girls everywhere, UCLA
Told me I was shit, but that shit couldn't stop me
Nigga still hungry, black Kobayashi
When I talk about you I hear a "who?" like Horton
I was born for this shit, you a rappin' abortion
Can we hear the N-word one day and not get upset?
Can we try something new and not be suspect?
I dont really know, we fucked up bad
You dont wanna see my dudes when they get mad
I got a bunch of jackanapes at the back of me
Thatll lacerate anyone in the back of a matinee
And laugh while they masturbatin all over your beaten body
Sick boy forever, that Suburban Illuminati
Naw nigga, yeah, we never stop
No period like menopause
No period like, "Oh shit!
Am I the only one you sleepin' with?"
Am I the only one you sleepin' with?"
[Featuring: Beck]
[Verse 1: Beck]
Centrifugal force pulling me off-course, in a horse race
Changing horses midstream, fourteenth place
On videotape surveillance playback
Sigh you lose face, disgraced, God forbid you
Fall off of the face of the Earth with chase
The black hole of what you thought it was worth today
Dont shoot the piano player I heard them say
It was your fault, centrifugal force, you got caught
Convict monotonous, a verdict thoughtless
As you read it out loud, at least I was being relatively honest
Standing in your office trying to speak to some anacondas
Leaking sawless from the sawdust
While your doppleganger stands copless
No one notices, they got their own dramas
Drama-ramas mellow dramas
You draw commas on the eyes of madonnas
And wonder why you cant turn traumas into nirvanas
[Verse 2: Childish Gambino]
Dont mess your head up, still run with these young bucks
Still runnin on jet fuel, still pimpin on what-what
What was I thinkin? I wasnt
What am I drinkin? Im buzzin
Speakin of weekends I used to fuck with your cousin
I used to rap about nothin, now I rap about nothin
But that nothin was somethin that aint nobody was bumpin
See I still got it boo-boo, just a battle, do you
Wonders if you dont wanna be under some gross dude
But most girls will do it just for a corner seat at Nobu
I bet your daughters perfect, he say it like he know you
My daughter isnt living yet, at water village idiot
Their flows dumb, but that royaltys the silliest
Now
[Verse 3: Childish Gambino]
Someone tell these niggas I aint fuckin round
Fly them all to Vegas man we hold it down
Livin for the present, nigga we fuck futures
Sippin on some whiskey, these bitches drinkin Kombucha
Recession means more oppression, these niggas will shoot ya
Rio de Janeiro, these bitches lookin like Xuxa
Talk with anacondas, at least Im bein honest
Im tryin to turn these Keke Palmers into baby mamas
Baby mama, Im your baby, mama
Man, let your boy drown, they aint save me, momma
They aint save me momma
They aint save me momma
Silk pillow for that new weave
Silk pillow for that new weave
[Featuring: Kilo Kish]
[Verse 1: Kilo Kish]
Umm, okay
Yea, candy
Uhh, where is this song in my Blackberry?
Yea, yea
Alright cool
Okay
As my mind runs, licking cotton candy lipstick
You're right here in my room, yeah I wished it
Candlelight vigil for the one you're texting
Pink sweatpants - hmm, interesting
No need, don't explain to me, love
Cause I know how you deal, but I could see us
In a different way, don't play me cause we're not the same
Sign on, choose your screename and misbehave
So you're a playboy, you think you're Hef K
Hoppin' round town with the bunnies when
I'm the candy that you need, brush your sweet tooth
Have you got it with your place with the statue?
A Veneer, I hear, she's just swell
If you want to date a rock, you think I can't tell?
So you bored? Are you lost? Was it worthwhile?
I feel the ice-cold chill in her warm smile
Saw you last night, you didn't have to act fly
Come and sweep me from the back room
Feel my palms heat up on your chest now
As the night creeps into bedtime vows
Married in a white t-shirt, bedstyle
Still you know that I'm the best ride
You deserve what you get: it's called respect
You ever heard of it?
[Hook]
I know what you're missing in your new life
I can find a way to make it go right
Make it go right
Make it go right
I know what you're missing in your new life
I can find a way to make it go right
It go, it go
It go, it go
[Verse 2: Childish Gambino]
When I'm alone in my room sometimes I stare at the wall
And in the back of my mind, I hear my conscience call
I used to front somethin' stupid, now I'm makin' them wait
Except for you mama, I'm ready, I don't wanna be late
Never hesitate, you know it, petty cash, we blow it
Excuse me for imperfect, them halfway looks is worth it
I watched these niggas lurkin', they just want my leftovers
Watched 'em locked up all day and slept over
Put your hair back: Afro
Skippin' after-parties at the last show
I'ma hold your hand in little Tokyo
And tell you somethin' in your ear that you shouldn't know
Two jumps, but the feeling was so gone
High school swag, busy fuckin' with clothes on
Lost a couple words, joke around the reason
You can wear my shirt, pretend to let you win that FIFA
There was nothing like it... settle down
You always hit me when my boo around
It's a long walk - we ain't talkin' though
That ratchet ho on lock-n-load, I appreciate the offer, though
I'ma do it right - later, though
Cause either way you're gonna hate me like you say you won't
Thank God for that - it's called regret
You ever heard of it?
[Hook (x2)]
I know what you're missing in your new life
I can find a way to make it go right
Make it go right
Make it go right
I know what you're missing in your new life
I can find a way to make it go right
It go, it go
It go, it go
[Featuring: Chance the Rapper]
[Childish Gambino]
Somebody tell they people what the fuck is up
I'm grindin' like a doozer looking cool as fuck
I'm grindin' I'm most hated but I sell the stage
I'm grindin' I'm most hated but I'm gettin' paid
[Chance The Rapper]
Eddy Scissorhands is workin' on my linin'
Gettin' spiffy for these bitches I be eyeing
Fr-Fred Mercury was playin' while I'm ridin'
Down the Ryan, in a Scion
And I'm flyin', but it's cool, I got insurance
On the run cause I got warrants, but it's cool I got endurance
It's cool I got suspended, but in turn I got some earnings
Could've spent it all on Thursday, but I saved it for my parents
But I spent a bit on Friday, in the night I hang with Donald
I'm tired of McDonalds, when a chick that cook chicano
That can't speak a lick of English, and pronounce my name like Chano
She say something something Spanish
I look back like, "Bitch, I know"
Tonight, I'ma make decisions for life
It's a Lucy Boomer dark lookin' light, some might drive
That's that shit right there that I don't like
There that shit just had to say
Shouts to the niggas that passed away
And shots for the niggas that's here right now
And shots to the niggas that got away
So sad to say, but it's all good
Niggas gon' celebrate, and wait for the day
Shit, that and A with alize
Like live from the Chi', it's Saturday night
[Childish Gambino]
Used to have some patience, now it's all gone
Force feed these motherfuckers eatin' foie gras
Force feed these motherfuckers not a rockstar
I'm a say my piece, these other rappers lockjaw
I don't think they like me (I don't think they like me)
I don't think I'm icy, I think I'm aight, B
Niggas wanna fight me? That's unnecessary
I don't quit for shit, that's my legendary
Unnecessary
Childish Gambino feat. ScHoolboy Q
Unnecessary
Childish Gambino feat. ScHoolboy Q
[Featuring: Nipsey Hussle]
[Intro: Nipsey Hussle]
Turn that beat up for me
Really everything, like the headphones
Yeah, yeah, a little bit louder
No punch, you know that mean that we workin hard
[Verse 1: Nipsey Hussle]
Look, young rich nigga shit, pops was an immigrant
Lifestyle illegit, but know I own businesses
Started out the trunk, ended up at the dealership
All gold Rollie, black face no blemishes
Legend in my city cause I grind so vigorous
If I show my face west of Texas, thats a big event
Gotta pay me twenty cents just to hear me vent
Im really out here on some shit, you should take a flick
Ballin on my own ten toes, so the difference is
I call shots never ask for permission, man
I got a lot of big plans in my vision and
I aint failed yet, bout a dollar hell yes
Im a problem, failed test, its only getting worse
I swear Im getting money, I just hope you gettin yours
Im killin niggas solo so you know Im gettin more
Now that young Gambino on the chorus, go
[Childish Gambino - Chorus]
This is for that real shit, this is for that East side
This is for my bad girls, this is for them good guys
This is for my grandma, this is for that West side
This is for them niggas talkin shit on a website
Damn I feel good, you aint feelin nothin
This is for my niggas who be livin dime a dozen
Bino got that good shit, Nipsey got them aces
On some young rich shit, Kennedys with black faces
[Childish Gambino - break]
Yeah, black faces
My rolly so racist, all black faces
Obama on that million dollar bill, black faces
Yeah, nigga, black faces
Look, yo I got this
Yo, turn, turn it up a little
Ay, here we go, okay
[Verse 2: Childish Gambino]
League of my own, swag Geena Davis
Only rapper make 100k on your playlist
Niggas talk on twitter, but in life they dont say shit
My Rollie so racist, all black faces
We the new, face it, kill em like Jason
Grind in my sleep man a nigga need braces
Wonder what you feelin like, used to be the nervous type
They aint mention Bino? Man that shit must be a purpose, right?
Hostile, nigga my style
Kind of flow to paint a picture, Norman Rockwell
I dont eat pasta, everything is low-carb
I dont fly coach now, say I fly Goyard
Leave a face covered in that coast guard
Metaphor Mozart, all we do is tell em the truth
M Fox to my people on some family ties
Magazines got black faces when somebody dies
I mean look at Donna Summers, she was tryin to survive
People wrestle over petty cash
When we should be really cryin over that one percent
Like we tipped a milk glass
Fuck yall, Imma let my grandkids ball
Look to the future, these dudes so last week
See me stuntin so Conde Nasty
Me and Nipsey on some grown shit, no rent
Own shit, so Jim Crow shit, black faces
[Childish Gambino - Outro]
Ay, nigga, black faces
Black faces
Thats royalty, nigga
[Featuring: Danielle Haim of Haim]
[Hook: Danielle Haim]
We are so far away from here
[Childish Gambino]
Tell them "Run it back", this song is my shit
Told that DJ, "Turn it up", all we did was bowflex
It's that Stone Mountain, DeKalb county
Fuck boy no shit about it
Still real, no shit, cash gun, money clip
285 to 400 then I made a left
Man we spend it up in Lenox, boy we fresh to death
They be sleeping when I left, now they heard of me
We get paid to keep y'all hyped, that's that turnip green
New kicks, street ball, black top, asphalt
Tight dress, her ass fall, get face like bath salts
Airport atheist, though may pray when there's turbulence
So why the fuck am I stressin' over this nervous shit?
[Hook: Danielle Haim]
We are so far away from here
We are so far away from here
[Childish Gambino]
Burn burn burn
My new car, my new clothes
Now that I'm on top, are you proud of me?
Burn burn burn
My new car, my new clothes
Now that I'm on top, are you proud of me?
All I really wanted was a left turn
Never thought it'd go and leave a nigga burned
Now that I'm on top, are you proud of me, proud of me?
All I really wanted was a left turn
Never thought it'd go and leave a nigga burned
Now that I'm on top, are you proud of me, proud of me?
Are you proud of me?
Are you proud of me?
I should have known
[Featuring: Danny Brown]
[Verse 1: Danny Brown]
Flow so pneumonia, yo bitch want my boner
I take her round the corner then I gave the ho a bonus
Bitches wanna bone us, we ain't cubic zirconia
But I will never own 'em so to me them bitches loners
On the deck, and a tongue flip like the "my" in "My Sharona"
Got her drip, drip, drippin' like that lemon and Corona
Bank roll thick like that neck on Sabonis
But I will never trick, you just get dick and balonis
Take that tenderoni, and now she ride my pony
And cheese came with it like a snatch of pepperoni
I'm an O.G. I'm with CG
You a he-she, nigga run you back like a repeat
I'm a pill poppin' ET, Givenchy on a ten-speed
Hot like Britney, in '03 ya know me
Smokin' on that Toxic, sippin' on an O.E
Dippin' in that Molly got me higher than some Flow C
[Hook]
Too high, can't come down
Too high, can't come down
Too high, can't come down
Too high, can't come down
[Verse 2: Childish Gambino]
Fandango my mandingo, we should do a movie
Groupies lookin' like the Yakuza in my Jacuzzi
Excuse me I'm on that ooey, my pockets are life with Louis
Euros is different colors, my wallet look like a Coogi
He who speakin' the least is Chief Keefin' the peace
Leavin' seeds in yo niece, prayin' that she ain't late
Sprayin' like that AK, now that shit my namesake
'Bino you so nasty, ass like an ashtray
Smokin' Flying Lotus, used to be Jehovah's
I'm in yo girl and now she feeling Polish like perogies
They hopin' that they smoke us
N'aw man, never that
Trippin' off that earwax, Danny Brown and D-Stacks
Ill pandemic, man that shit be everywhere
Midas is your highness and you horrible like Gummi bears
Why I'm fly like a cockpit, you don't fly like a ostrich
Stupid shit like a mosh pit, can't believe this is "Toxic"
Baby, you're the baddest
Baby, you're the baddest girl and uh
Nobody else matters
Nobody else matters girl and uh
We're kissing in the bathroom
We're kissing in the bathroom girl and uh
I hope nobody catch us
But I kinda hope they catch us
Anyway
A New York nine's an everywhere-else six
Timewise, the opposite goes for chicks
I'm in a taxi, texting with my best friend
He's sleeping with this girl that he met up on West End
He's lucky, she's a career woman, no kids
Most girls see the clothes and try and gold dig
Most hoes poke holes in Trojans
Most people don't fuckin' hit the lotto but my folks did
I'm a mess
That don't rhyme with shit, it's just true
Don't bring your girlfriend here, it's just you
When I'm depressed you're someone I run to
But, I guess meet me at Pianos
And cross-fadin' off of Nanos
Ugh, on that hipster shit
And you's a hipster, bitch
Yo, but not in the lame way
Like, you ain't livin' out in BK
Like, you ain't workin' on a screenplay
Like, your baby daddy ain't a DJ
Like, she listenin' to old Freeway
Cause everybody listens to Biggie, but she different
Right, thats why your friends need wristbands?
Fuck you
And can I have this dance?
Baby, you're the baddest
Baby, you're the baddest girl and uh
Nobody else matters
Nobody else matters girl and uh
We're kissing in the bathroom
We're kissing in the bathroom girl and uh
I hope nobody catch us
But I kinda hope they catch us
Baby, you're the baddest
Baby, you're the baddest girl and uh
Nobody else matters
Nobody else matters girl and uh
We're kissing in the bathroom
We're kissing in the bathroom girl and uh
I hope nobody catch us
But I kinda hope they catch us
We could pretend if you want to, like
We in love and started datin' at your art school
Cause either way we both lyin' more than half of the time
Except for when Im home workin' on your graphic design
Everytime we see each other I'm takin' you home
Our relationship has gotten Sylvester Stalone
Yellow 9/11 Persian girl in the back car
But me writin' a verse the only way they buyin' a bar
White boys used to trip and send me over a gin
But they busy showin' off each other Indian friend
She got ironic tattoos on her back
That ain't ironic bitch, I love Rugrats
Watchin' lames handle they fame
They bang any broad with bangs
In a band with an animal name
Hannibal came drinkin' a handle of Jameson
Anallin' anyone is the plan for the evening
I'm kidding, stop
Girl cryin' on Ludlow
She still look good though
Love is Eastside, who are you to hate?
Movie ass, not a 10 but a Super 8
You ain't see me at the show, I was super great
Hotel penthouse, go on and let it roominate
City never sleeps, so I guess I'm never slept on
Did everything I could, then I kept goin'
Baby, you're the baddest
Baby, you're the baddest girl and uh
Nobody else matters
Nobody else matters girl and uh
We're kissing in the bathroom
We're kissing in the bathroom girl and uh
I hope nobody catch us
But I kinda hope they catch us
Baby, you're the baddest
Baby, you're the baddest girl and uh
Nobody else matters
Nobody else matters girl and uh
We're kissing in the bathroom
We're kissing in the bathroom girl and uh
I hope nobody catch us
But I kinda hope they catch us
Ooh girl, I wanna know
Are you ready to cry, cause I'm no good, no good
Ooh girl, I wanna try
I'm an awful guy and I'm always away
And I'm tryin' to say
I'mma piece of shit
Believe in this
I'm tellin' you
Cause we barely knew, what we had
I'm not that bad, the fun we had
Ooh
Baby, you're the baddest
Baby, you're the baddest girl and uh
Nobody else matters
Nobody else matters girl and uh
We're kissing in the bathroom
We're kissing in the bathroom girl and uh
I hope nobody catch us
But I kinda hope they catch us
Baby, you're the baddest
Baby, you're the baddest girl and uh
Nobody else matters
Nobody else matters girl and uh
We're kissing in the bathroom
We're kissing in the bathroom girl and uh
I hope nobody catch us
But I kinda hope they catch us
Fiji water and a box of old Raisinets
I got a real taste for dyin' but I ain't do it yet
I tried to watch The Artist with my girlfriend
But instead I lost the battle with some Nyquil
Playing Double Dribble with my older cousin
Now I'm ballin' everyday so dude that's gotta stand for something
But it doesn't change the subject
Man, I'm hustlin', sandals cuttin' up
My ankles, please and thank you
Demons hate you when you angel
Never been to prison, but I serve a sentence
Grind when you (?)
I'm sharin' experiments with Seventh Day Adventists
And on the seventh day, I'mma show y'all what the event is
Dollar signs, bottom line
Speak the truth and everybody gon' hate you
Unless it's funny
That's how I used to make money
I don't roll with the old, yeah they want something from me
Why the flow so dummy
, why do hoes still love me?
I don't know, don't bug me
I'm patron or bubbly or power,
Ain't nobody sober
My mama don't drink but she kill me over soda
Damn homie, man you famous like Kony
My cousin bang Camp man (My cousin bang Camp man)
ATLien made it myself about a month
Just enough to get, to get my rows in a duck
Just enough to make a faithful man wanna fuck
Girls be tweetin' me their pictures, man I gotta look
And most of 'em couldn't handle the panels in my comic's book
This rapper's book, this writer's book
They kinda shook
It's not a hook
I be killin' every nigga with bronchitises
No matter what you say or what you do
When I'm alone, I'd rather be with you
Fuck these other niggas, I'll be right by your side
Till 3005, hold up
Hold up, wait a minute, all good just a week ago
Crew at my house and we party every weekend so
On the radio, that's my favorite song
Made me bounce around, like I don't know, like I won't be here long
Now the thrill is gone
Got no patience, cause I'm not a doctor
Girl why is you lying, girl why you Mufasa
Yeah, mi casa su casa, got a stripper like Gaza
Got so high off volcanoes, now the flow is so lava
Yeah, we spit that saliva, iPhone got message from Viber
Either the head is so hydra, or we let bygones be bygones
"My God, you pay for your friends?" I'll take that as a compliment
Got a house full of homies, why I feel so the opposite?
Incompetent ain't the half of it
Saturdays we Young Lavish-ing
Saddest shit, is I'm bad as it
These they took from the cabinet (woah)
Sorry, I'm just scared of the future
Till 3005, I got your back, we can do this, hold up
No matter what you say or what you do
When I'm alone, I'd rather be with you
Fuck these other niggas, I'll be right by your side
Till 3005, hold up
No matter what you say or what you do
When I'm alone, I'd rather be with you
Fuck these other niggas, I'll be right by your side
Till 3005, hold up
I used to care what people thought
But now I care more
Man nobody out here's got it figured out
So therefore, I've lost all hope of a happy ending
Depending on whether or not it's worth it
So insecure, no one's perfect
We spend it, with no shame
We blow that, like Coltrane
We in here, like Rogain
Or leave it, like Cobain
And when I'm long gone, whole crew sing a swan song
Cause we all just ticking time bombs, got a lambo like Lebron's mom
And no matter where all of my friends go
Emily, Fam, and Lorenzo
All of them people my kinfolk
At least I think so
Can't tell
Cause when them checks clear, they're not here
Cause they don't care
It's kinda sad, but I'm laughing whatever happens
Assassins are stabbed in the back of my cabin
Labrador yapping
I'm glad that it happened, I mean it
Between us, I think there's something special
And if I lose my mental, just hold my hand
Even if you don't understand, hold up
No matter what you say or what you do
When I'm alone, I'd rather be with you
Fuck these other niggas, I'll be right by your side
Till 3005, hold up
No matter what you say or what you do
When I'm alone, I'd rather be with you
Fuck these other niggas, I'll be right by your side
Till 3005, hold up
We did it! Yay!
Nigga you so thirsty
She want to move to California
She must've fucking lost her mind
She want to move to California
It's hard to get through every time
She make a movie with her friends
Put it up in a minute
Everybody say it now ain't no loop at the minute
Everybody say how, how you do it, you did it
I'ma show you what it done but, enough for a visit
Girl you think and you listen
You keep losing your mind
How you want to loop this shit but looking like a vine
But they don't pay for no privilege, now she broke in Korea Town
In the condo you rented, but they get your percentage
In California, ooh
She must've fucking lost her mind, yeah
He want to move to California
He want to hang with DC Fly
All the people in the room and the follower people
Like I'm watching the "ha ha" make his girlfriend giggle
Make official official, make a servant a feast
Don't pay no residual, making money a little
Make the smoker illegal, make the living illegal
Make the laughing illegal, make it snap for a people
When you make a movie now, no you making no difference
It's a tickle on the mind before you finish the sentence
The cocaine like a vine but don't pay for the privilege
Now you broke in Korea Town, in the condo you rented
But they get your percentage
Oh you broke in Korea town in that condo you rented
But they get your percentage
In California
She must've fucking lost her mind, yeah
He want to move to California
He want to hang with DC Fly
Blow up
World Star before rap, you already know that
So Fresh Prince, they are about to bring the show back
Listening to Kilo, weekend cost a kilo
Hair so long, I'm about to bring the fro back
Phone call gotta say Moshi Moshi
Girlfriend actin' all washy washy
It's your birthday, make it earthquake
Fell in love with a nigga like a mermaid
(Daddy, I love him!)
That's a first date
Nobody think about it worst case
Best case, we the front page
10K on the first day
Yeah, motherfucker, take your phone out
To record this
Ain't nobody can ignore this
I'm more or less, a moral-less individual
Making movies with criminals
Tryin' to get them residuals
When it all go crazy
When I hear that action, I'm a be Scorcese
(My nigga hold it horizontal man, Be professional)
(Worldstar!)
My girl ain't bad, she more like evil
When I'm lookin' in the mirror, how fly's this negro?
She on Hollywood and Vine
Thinkin' that she Hollywood on Vine
Makin' movies with her friends all the time
Showin' off her ass, that's a net twerk
But I saw through it like a wet shirt
Drive slow cause you might swerve off it
Still eat and the hate so salty
Put shrooms in my roommate's coffee
And got more likes than a white girl talking
More hits than a fight comp
Where they fight cops 'til they stop
When I heard shots
Watchin' dude drop from a Glock at a
Let me flash on 'em
We all big brother now
Lil' sis, let her run around
Money talkin', you know the sound
Brrrr, money counting
Brrrr, AK
Brrrr, cell phone
Brrrr, hello?
Yo, bro man, check out that video I just sent you, man
This shit's hilarious, man. It's like this kid, man
He got like, he got like hit on the side of the head
Man, he's like freakin' out
Like, it's like
There's a bottom to the top of the moment
You won't always be around
Catch a nigga coming quickly behind ya
People want you underground
Do you misbehave?
Haunt you to your grave
I'm going to eat you alive
Please don't find me rude
But I don't eat fast food
So don't run to me, baby
Uh, are not
Just hide, oh!
You know that you're the one, that's terrified, oh!
Just hide, oh!
You know that you're the one, that's terrified, oh!
La, la, la, la, la
La, la, la, la, la
I'm spinning, I'm spinning, I'm spinning you up
I'm spinning, I'm spinning, I'm spinning you up
I'm spinning, I'm spinning, I'm spinning you up
I'm spinning, I'm spinning, I'm spinning you up
I'm spinning, I'm spinning, I'm spinning you up
I'm spinning, I'm spinning, I'm spinning you up
I'm spinning, I'm spinning, I'm spinning you up
I'm spinning, I'm spinning, I'm spinning you up
Just hide, oh!
You know that you're the one, that's terrified, oh!
Just hide, oh!
You know that you're the one, that's terrified, oh!
No, no, no, no, no, no, no
Please
Oh-oh
No, no, no, oh
Oh you can't run from me
You can't hide from me
When the sun is rising over streets so barren
Since the evening, colors flash before my eyes
I feel like a child, so young and new in '92, I listen
To what my father said
Keep all your dreams, keep standing tall
If you are strong you cannot fall
There is a voice inside us all
So smile when you can
When you can
How this used to feel so far and free
Now these broken souls are all I see
Fists have fallen to our side
We may cry alone, I feel we know where all of this is headed
But my mama said
Keep all your dreams, keep standing tall (oh I, nah, nah, nah)
If you are strong you cannot fall (if you are strong)
There is a voice inside us all
So smile when you can
When you can
If you cannot, oh!
There is more to you and me
There is more than they can see
I'm on your side
Woo, oh!
There is more out there
And somebody cares 'bout you
I do
Keep on your dreams, keep standing tall
If you are strong you cannot fall
Keep on your dreams, keep on standing tall
If you are strong you cannot fall
Keep on your dreams, keep on standing tall
If you are strong you cannot fall
Keep on your dreams, keep on standing tall
If you are strong you cannot fall
There is more out there
Keep on your dreams, keep on standing tall
If you are strong you cannot fall
Oh!
Give me morning, oh-oh-oh
When you're gone to yourself
Oh, oh!
Woo!
Yeah!
(Keep on your dreams, keep standing tall)
(If you are strong you cannot fall)
(Keep on your dreams, keep standing tall)
(If you are strong you cannot fall)
Thanks for doing that
(Keep on your dreams, keep standing tall)
(If you are strong you cannot fall)
(Instrumental and Harmonies here)
Where we were, kinda thing, betcha crawl, all alone
Who am I?
Rec League, I ain't payin' to ball
Y'all B-string like a broke guitar
And I still put it down like the family dog
Yeah, I murder some, I murder one
Explain it all, Ferguson
We ain't gotta sing the same old love song
Cut a white girl with the same black gloves on
Yeah what you saying to it?
Old money look new money go do it
Make 'em turn around in their lane like a U-ey
And I'm only looking back if I'm looking at her booty
(At her Booty)
What's the rationale?
They wanna smoke a niggas when they Black & Mild
So we acting out
Ok cool
Where we were, kinda thing, betcha crawl, all alone
Blue dream by the bouquet 'til I'm blue faced on a Tuesday
(Can I have some?)
#NiggasBeLike
Put a plus eighteen on that e-vite
And I said what I felt, no re-write
Nah nah, they can't hold me
June/July, drop something
I double dare you, I'm Marc Summers
I scorch winters, I burn autumns
Gut niggas, so Kurt Vonne
Elle Varner, got a crush on her
I gotta wait in line for that
Ain't nobody got time for that
Ain't nobody gotta rhyme with that
Too true like 2 Chainz
Blue Blood like he both gangs
Daylight
I wake up feeling like you won't play right
I used to know, but now that shit don't feel right
It made me put away my pride
So long
You made a nigga wait for some, so long
You make it hard for a boy like that to know wrong
I'm wishing I could make this mine, oh
If you want it, yeah
You can have it, oh, oh, oh
If you need it, ooh
We can make it, oh
If you want it
You can have it
But stay woke
Niggas creepin'
They gon' find you
Gon' catch you sleepin' (oh)
Now stay woke
Niggas creepin'
Now don't you close your eyes
Too late
You wanna make it right, but now it's too late
My peanut butter chocolate cake with Kool-Aid
I'm trying not to waste my time
If you want it, oh
You can have it (you can have it)
If you need it (you better believe in something)
We can make it, oh
If you want it
You can have it, ah!
But stay woke (stay woke)
Niggas creepin' (they be creepin')
They gon' find you (they gon' find you)
Gon' catch you sleepin' (gon' catch you sleepin', put your hands up on me)
Now stay woke
Niggas creepin'
Now don't you close your eyes
But stay woke (ooh, ah)
Niggas creepin'
They gon' find you (they gon' find you)
Gon' catch you sleepin' (gon' catch you, gon' catch you, ooh)
Now stay woke
Niggas creepin'
Now don't you close your eyes
How'd it get so scandalous?
Oh, how'd it get so scandalous?
Oh, oh, how'd it get, how'd it get
How'd it get so scandalous?
How'd it get so scandalous?
Ooh we get so scandalous
But stay woke
But stay woke
I can feel it
Deep inside my body
I've been watching all this all night
I got to move it
This pressure brewing
This world don't feel alright
Everyone, everyone!
Get down, baby, get down, baby
Fly, fly, fly, high
Everyone, everyone!
Get down, baby, get down, baby
Fly, fly, fly, son
No good fighting
World, we're out of captains
Everyone just wants a better life
They tried to kill us
Love to say they feel us
But they won't take my pride
Everyone, everyone!
Get down, baby, get down, baby
Fly, fly, fly, high
Everyone, everyone!
Get down, baby, get down, baby
Fly, fly, fly, son
Everyone
Get down, baby
Fly, fly, fly, high
Everyone
Get down, baby
Fly, fly, fly, son
I'm in love when we are smokin' that la-la-la-la-la
I'm in love when we are smokin' that la-la-la-la-la
I'm in love when we are smokin' that la-la-la-la-la
I'm in love when we are smokin' that la-la-la-la-la
I'm in love when we are smokin' that la-la-la-la-la
I'm in love when we are smokin' that la-la-la-la-la
I'm in love when we are smokin' that la-la-la-la-la
I'm in love when we are smokin' that la-la-la-la-la
Do what you want
I'm telling you
Let me into your heart
Can't stand it, backhanded
They wanna see us fallin' apart
You know that I love you
So let me into your heart
Let me into your heart
Do you really love me?
I'm gon' get you, girl, ah
This is the end of us
Sleeping with the moon and the stars
I know where you've been, oh
You can see the sun
Let me into your heart
Oh, this ain't no bullshit
I really love you, girl
Oh
Oh god
Girl, you really got a hold on me
So this isn't just puppy love
Girl you really got a hold on me
So this isn't just puppy love, oh
I'm in love when we are smokin' that
Oh my god, I
(Let me into) Girl, you really got a hold, woah
Little hands, little feet
Tiny heart, tiny beat
Oh, thinkin' about the time we spent falling in love (in love)
I don't wanna leave you
I don't want him to see you
But oh, when mama cries from daddy's lies
Oh my, please don't take him away, no, no, no
Don't take him away
Oh, cause I had my doubts, oh!
Don't take my baby boy
Don't take my pride and joy
I hope I stay close
I hope I stay close
All the pain, all the tears
Many nights, many years
This love for me is fading
You waited, but I never came home to you
I've never lied about us
We were never supposed to be together
When you see me with some other one and they know your son
Oh, please don't take him away
You said you're wrong but you knew
Oh, cause I had my doubts, oh!
Don't take my baby boy
Don't take my pride and joy
I hope I stay close
I hope I stay close
With a gun in your hand, I'm the boogieman
I'm gonna come and get you
If you point a gun at my rising sun
Though we're not the one
But in the bounds of your mind
We have done the cry, yeah
Boogieman
You've got to help us, can you? Yes you can
Boogieman
You've got to help us, can you? Yes you can
With a gun in your hand, I'm the boogieman
I'm gonna come and get you
Every boy and girl all around the world
Knows my niggas' words
But if he's scared of me, how can we be free? Yes
Boogieman, yes
You've got to help us, can you? Yes you can, oh
Boogieman
You've got to help us, can you? Yes you can, oh
Love me better, kiss me back, Listen more oh
Love me better, kiss me back, listen more
Love me better, kiss me back, listen more
Yeah, no no no
Face down in the brown grass
Shame shame on my brown ass
Birds in the trees as we run through
And if I'm dead to the world, what you gon' do? What you gon' do?
Like, (I can't remember)
Shots fired, rewind, please, girl, be mine
Email denied, talk to me baby
Before I go crazy, might do it maybe
We were so Jay Z & Beyonce, my aunt say "keep the sex game picante"
The Aunt May and Mary Jane that I was hitting on
We were trying to forget that there was something wrong
Love is Russian roulette, I had the safety on
We popped pills at the Coachella
Hold my head in the weeds, man I can't tell her
The fear that I feel man it might kill her
Man, it might kill her, it's the prep school mic killa'
With the drums and the groove so it feel Dilla
I don't care what he say
I'ma get my platinum back like I'm a half ton gorilla
You can hang with homie on the low
But your boy so weak like a week ago
But we ain't speaking though
Tuesday afternoon, I ain't got shit to do
But fall in love with you
Tuesday afternoon, I ain't got shit to do
But fall in love with you
Love me better, kiss me back, Listen more oh
Love me better, kiss me back, listen more
Watching haters wonder why Gambino got the game locked
Half-Thai thickie, all she wanna do is Bangkok
Got her hair done, French braids, now she A$AP
Bino so insensitive, she asking, "Why you say that?!"
I'm chillin', real nigga feeling
Rich kid, asshole: paint me as a villain
Still spitting that cash flow: DJ Khaled
I got a penthouse on both coasts, pH balance
Real nigga, I rep those, why though? Cause I said so
Hip deep in the Pepto, I got five on her like Ben Folds
I got more tail than that PetCo, you faker than some Sweet'N Low
Yeah, you got some silverware, but really are you eating though?
Are you eating though? Nigga, are you eating though?
Breakfast, lunch and dinner's for beginners, you ain't even know
Never catching cases, why they faces look so e-m-o?
Watch a hater hate me, wanna play me like a piano
My architect know Japanese, yo' girl, she jocking me
No hands like soccer teams and y'all fuck boys like Socrates
You niggas ain't copping these, niggas ain't looking like me
Nah, I ain't checking I.D. but I bounce 'em with no problem
Tell 'em, Problem (Problem!)
I'm winnin', yeah, yeah, I'm winnin' [x3}
Rich kid, asshole, paint me as a villain
Don't be mad cause I'm doing me better than you doing you [x3]
Better than you doing you, fuck it, what you gon' do?
Different color, my passport, Instagram my stack load
Hashtag my day wear and your girl drink my day care
And I'm born rich, life ain't fair (silver spoon coon, ho)
Ain't nobody sicker and my Fisker, "vroom, vroom," ho
Ain't nobody
Fiskers don't make noise when they start up just so you know
Top of the Hold 'em totem, ri-rich forever, a million was not the quota
My father owned half of MoMA and did it with no diploma
Year off, got no rules, tripping off of them toadstools
More green than my Whole Foods and I'm too fly, Jeff Goldblum
Got a glass house in the Palisades, that a-k-a
White hood, white hood, (okay-kay-kay)
Furniture custom, you shop at IKEA
So Maserati, you whipping a Kia
Spending this money, it's longer than Nia
Live like a Coppola, me and Sofia
Waking up broke, man, wouldn't wanna be ya
Friends with the dope man, help a nigga re-up
Bring a girlfriend, man, trouble when I see her
"Err-err-err-err": onomatopoeia, oh, I got my cool on! (Tell 'em, mane)
I'm winning so they had to dump the Gatorade
And I don't give a fuck about my family name
Don't be mad cause I'm doing me better than you doing you [x3]
Better than you doing you, fuck it, what you gon' do?
All I see is zombies
Walking all around us
You can hear them coming (they come to take your life)
You can hear them breathing, breathing down your spine
All I see is zombies
Hear them screaming at her
They can smell your money
And they want your soul
Here they come behind you
Try to stay alive
We're coming out to get you
We're oh, so glad we met you
We're eating you for profit
There is no way to stop it
You will find there is no safe place to hide, hide
(That's right, that's right)
All I see is zombies
Feeding all around us
All they eat are people (and you won't survive)
They don't know what happened
They just stay alive
We're coming out to get you
We're oh, so glad we met you
We're eating you for profit
There is no way to stop it
You will find there is no safe place to hide
We're coming out to get you
We're oh so glad we met you
We're eating you for profit
There is no way to stop it
There is no way to stop it
Do you feel alive, yeah?
Do you feel alive, yeah?
Do-do-do-do-do
Do you feel alive?
Have a word for your brother
Have some time for one another
Really love one another
It's so hard to find
Have a word for your brother
Have some time for one another
Really love one another
It's so hard to find
You got the power, you got the power
Of every hour, of every hour
I come to getcha and I know where you are
I come to getcha and I know where you are
It's getting hot, it's like a sauna
Then every night, in Arizona
They come to getcha when they grope in your mind
They think you creepy, getting down in your mind
Come to getcha, come to getcha
It doesn't matter, you making magic
I got the business to make a mind
I got the business to make a mind
And if you feel it, if you feel in your toes
And you there'll be nothing like nobody knows
But if you want it, you better want it
Have a word for your brother
Have some time for one another
Really love one another
It's so hard to find
Have a word for your brother
Have some time for one another
Really love one another
It's so hard to find
Have a word
Come on baby, oh
Darling no, no, no, no, no, no, no
That's right baby
That's right
I see wherever, wherever, wherever you are
(Wherever, wherever, wherever you are)
I see wherever, wherever, wherever you are
(Wherever, wherever, wherever you are)
Wherever, wherever, wherever you are
(Wherever, wherever, wherever you are)
Do no wrong now
That's right baby
There's a big wide world out there
I need to get in
We have got to bring this thing together
And I hope and I pray
We will find it someday
We have got to really stay together
So
Have a word for your brother
Have some time for one another
Really love one another
It's so hard to find
Have a word for your brother
Have some time for one another
Really love one another
It's so hard to find
If we were kids
I'd want to give you everything that you would want
Those other boys
They gave you toys, but all they wanna do is
Keep up
Keep up, keep up, keep up
That's all I want, keep up
Keep up with me, keep up
Keep up
Keep up, keep up, keep up
That's all I want, keep up
Keep up with me, keep up
I guess I'm fucking now
I'm getting used to it
It's cause I shine, and I ain't gotta use a crucifix
Fuck the fussing and fighting and arguing to this and that
And "Why you bein' mean to me Donald?" I never texted back
I know it's comin' quick, wishin' I could fast forward
Tell these nice girls they're the reason that I'm an asshole
Omega to alpha male, because of that dollar bill
When I worked the mail room I ain't have a shot in hell
I called her ass for two months and heard shit from her
These girls couldn't care less when the chips under
The chips are up and on my shoulder, you heard me?
I take it out on girls who don't even deserve it
The girls I tried to hit last year, I still might
Karma's a bitch who doesn't suck, but I still like
If we were kids I'd have the black K-swiss and reebok
If we were kids I wouldn't act like this but we not
If we were kids
I'd want to give you everything that you would want
Those other boys
They gave you toys, but all they wanna do is
Keep up
Keep up, keep up, keep up
That's all I want, keep up
Keep up with me, keep up
Keep up
Keep up, keep up, keep up
That's all I want, keep up
Keep up with me, keep up
You made a mistake
These dudes man you bathing in apes
Finding you is like finding Asians I hate
But they say I got a fetish, nah I'm skipping all of it
Black or white girls come with a set of politics
That's all I was saying
I'm a proud man
They wanna holla when they see your name on SoundScan
Her name Mercedes but she push a brown Focus
And she's doing coke in front of me, but act like I don't notice
"There any breakage in that Trojan?"
She see what she wanna see
So I make her take plan B in front of me
Women talk shit on men like all day
But it's Pete Wentz, goes both ways
They too busy stabbing hoes like OJ
They too busy trapping pros like Kobe
The only thing I put before me is do re
If you had told me the truth we'd be OK
I'm on my ballin' each and every day
Asian girls everywhere, UCLA
You see me babe? You see me babe?
Asian girls everywhere, UCLA
I'm on my ish, call it
I watch these haters take they shots like they were alcoholics
"What is he wearing? Somebody jack that fool's steeze"
If I'm a faggot spell it right, I got way more than two G's
Nigga I'm amazing, I'm a phenom
I'm assassin, I'ma kill y'all
I'ma say ma ma sa, ma ma coo sa
And this shit's closed now cause I ball too hard
And I'm cumming on her face, have I gone too far?
I don't know, who cares, I don't love that broad
And it's funny how these fake niggas always act hard
I'm a black star in a black car with a black card
They wanna knock me out
They tryin' nigga
Realest motherfucker in the game like Tron, nigga
Forget these white girls
I need some variation
Especially if she very Asian
She got an ugly friend? Roll solo
Can I stay at your place? No hobo
Not my fault, man, these ladies love me
She's an overachiever cause all she do is succeed
I'm on my ballin' each and every day
Asian girls everywhere, UCLA
You see me babe? You see me babe?
Asian girls everywhere, UCLA
Send me naked pics, I'ma Tumble that
I'm the shit, been the shit, fuck a humble brag
Yeah we pushin' that, and her pussycat
I got swag out my ass so I'm usin' that
Textin' with Olivia Munn, hopefully she'll give me some
Or some Rosie Jones, man
Hoes is hoes is hoes, man
Racks on racks on racks, man
All I got is tracks, man
Sorry for my accent, but I've been practicin'
Everywhere you go niggas blastin' that Gambino
Niggas be like, "You ain't know?"
Bitches be like, "You ain't know?"
Met this fly Latino
Hope that she eighteen though
If she not, I'll say that I got deep throat in Heathrow
I'm on my ballin' each and every day
Asian girls everywhere, UCLA
You see me babe? You see me babe?
Asian girls everywhere, UCLA
Told me I was shit, but that shit couldn't stop me
Nigga still hungry, black Kobayashi
When I talk about you I hear a "who?" like Horton
I was born for this shit, you a rappin' abortion
Can we hear the N-word one day and not get upset?
Can we try something new and not be suspect?
I don't really know, we fucked up bad
You don't wanna see my dudes when they get mad
I got a bunch of jackanapes at the back of me
That'll lacerate anyone in the back of a matinee
And laugh while they masturbatin' all over your beaten body
Sick boy forever, that Suburban Illuminati
Naw nigga, yeah, we never stop
No period like menopause
No period like, "Oh shit!
Am I the only one you sleepin' with?"
Am I the only one you sleepin' with?"
Yeah nigga, it's me again
I'm still around, I guess I win
You hear me in your sister's room like all the time
Gambino girl forever on that bracelet that she bought online
To dudes who couldn't take it, might I say, "hasta luega"
Cause I'm taking all your city like I'm Carmen San Diego
I'm smoking, I'm on fire
I am blazin', don't get hurt
To my white dudes it's a concert
To my black nerds this is church
From that NYU dorm to the Emirate
Everyone hated me, I'm more hip hop than you'll ever be
I'm bustin', bustin' bustin', bustin' on these niggas man
And nothin', nothin' nothin', nothin' is the same again
You lookin dumb as hell man for ever sleeepin' on him
Your girl is not around, she busy sleepin' on him
Will he fail?
Now that's the wrong conversation
Terry Gross on the mic, I'm the talk of the nation, ha
Hey, what it do bitch?
Why these other rappers do shit stupid?
While they be sleepin' I be onto that new shit
While they be sleepin' I be onto that new shit
Hey, what it do bitch?
Why these other rappers do shit stupid?
While they be sleepin' I be onto that new shit
While they be sleepin' I be onto that new shit
New shit
You didn't know?
Black rock like a fuckin' LOST episode
Somethin' for these black kids to call they own
So when you skatin' in your driveway, you not alone
She stay down like that new coat that I bought her
And the fly Rihanna girls be drinkin' my coconut water
And I'm lookin' at her butt
That's that 20/20 hindsight
My shit be Jackson, Jordan, Bolton, Keaton, Tyson: 5 Mikes
Donald Glover, no relation
Always workin', no vacation
They couldn't feel me, novacation
Murder versus the only motive was motivation
Money equals freedom
I've wanted this since a three year old
I've seen it all, like I'm John Mayer's penis hole
Bein' me, that's something that's so unusual
I've seen the future, and the future go
Hey, what it do bitch?
Why these other rappers do shit stupid?
While they be sleepin' I be onto that new shit
While they be sleepin' I be onto that new shit
Hey, what it do bitch?
Why these other rappers do shit stupid?
While they be sleepin' I be onto that new shit
While they be sleepin' I be onto that new shit
Can't you hear me baby?
Can't you hear me callin' out your name?
Can't you hear me baby?
Oh, can't you hear me callin' out your name?
Runnin' through the moment as the sun goes down
And all I ever wanted was to hear that sound
I stunt hard
I make it work, yeah
I make it work, yeah
I make it work, who
I live large
I make it work, yeah
I make it work, yeah
Yeeaah
Childish Gambino, lame niggas never heard of it
Sick Boi is the crew, fuck these niggas with a dirty dick
When these mothafuckas gonna understand I'm serious?
I'm hard in the paint, like I fuck her on her period
James Dean swag, leather jacket, white t-shirt
Rolled up sleeves, nigga lookin' like a greaser
Word is born, baby, my dictionary's in labor
Listen to the Culdesac and know that was an ultimatum
Man, why nobody wanna admit they like me just a little bit?
Won't be on the freshmen list, guess I'll just keep spittin' shit
Never be the rapper with $600 shades
No iced-out chain, Rod Lavers all day
I was hopin' they would see me just for me, dope rhymer
They do me like my first house, no co-signer
See you usin' qualifiers, you don't even know
"I guess he good for a rapper who on a TV show"
Even though, I was rappin' back when Lance had chemo, ho
Even flow, Pearl Jammin' niggas can't leave me alone
I keep a bone for these girls who liked me back when green was low
Feel me, though, DVR my thoughts and make your TiVo grow
Runnin' through the moment as the sun goes down
Starlight, starlight
And all I ever wanted was to hear that sound
All night, all night
But it's all for you to prove it
Keep on movin', keep on usin'
My shine, my shine, my shine
Ooh, take me higher, higher, higher
Ooh, take me higher, higher, higher
Gambeezy make it work somethin', let me check the syntax
Don't add an eezy to my name, 'cause it has never been that
Aladdin on you fuckers, prince of the game from street rat
Dudes fall off, too steep like tea bags
Steady movin', don't worry about where I'mma be
'Cause I'mma be on these tracks like indie girls on Amelie
Honesty, I'm rappin' 'bout everything I go through
Everything I'm sayin', I'm super sayin' like Goku
Fuck nerdcore, fuck backpack
Fuck rap cool, I make cool rap
I make music for wack blacks to blast back
In fact, I swear the track I lie on's my last track
Runnin' through the moment as the sun goes down
Starlight, starlight
And all I ever wanted was to hear that sound
All night, all night
But it's all for you to prove it
Keep on movin', keep on usin'
My shine, my shine, my shine
Runnin' through the moment as the sun goes down
Starlight, starlight
And all I ever wanted was to hear that sound
All night, all night
But it's all for you to prove it
Keep on movin', keep on usin'
My shine, my shine, my shine
Now when they see us on the streets
All they wanna do is take pics
And I'm like, okay (yeah, okay)
And when they hear us on the beat
All they wanna do is make hits
And I'm like, okay (yeah, okay)
And if you're feelin' like I'm feelin'
How the world should be, perfectly
Fire like I'm third degree, and suddenly
Shawty, we got so high
Fire fly
Skateboardin' down at Washington Square
Lookin' for quarters
Maybe a afford a falafel for dinner, ugh
I'm so broke man
Scholarship apology
Facebook messages from college kids who hollerin'
Girls like, "we love you, we go to LSU
You gotta do a show so we can come and molest you"
This rap stuff is magic
I used to get called "Oreo" and "Faggot"
I used to get more laughs when I got laughed at
Oh you got a mixtape? That's fantastic
But everybody thought it was jokes though
They half right, the joke is
I got flow so don't act like
You ain't sittin' there with your friends like, it can't be
I know Donald Glover, he weak man, he campy
I'm still knocked down, but I up the ante
Me and hip-hop, that black Sid and Nancy
Let 'em know
Now when they see us on the streets
All they wanna do is take pics
And I'm like, okay (yeah, okay)
And when they hear us on the beat
All they wanna do is make hits
And I'm like, okay (yeah, okay)
And if you're feelin' like I'm feelin'
How the world should be, perfectly
Fire like I'm third degree, and suddenly
Shawty, we got so high
Fire fly
It's hard to make Hov the footsteps you followin'
Especially when your niggas look like Carlton
The pretty girls usin' skin so soft
Only be likin' black dudes with their hats broke off
Nigga you act too soft
Fuck you! I'm from the projects
My mom was just workin' to give me options
No live shows, cause I can't find sponsors
For the only black kid at a Sufjan concert
Yeah so, whatcha gonna do man?
You won't speak to the hood, man
If I was given one chance I think I could, man
These black kids want somethin' new, I swear it
Somethin' they wanna say but couldn't cause they embarrassed
All I do is make the stuff I would've liked
Reference things I wanna watch, reference girls I wanna bite
Now I'm firefly like a burning kite
And yous'a fake fuck like a flesh light
Even dudes who like me straight lookin' at me crazy
Like, how the hell he drop a EP and meet Jay-Z?
Girls used to tell me I ain't cool enough
Now text me pics sayin', "You could tear this up"
I don't really like shades, big rims, or jewelry
But gettin' time of day from a model is new to me
Bein' me isn't as hard as it used to be
Now everyone sing the chorus man, you do it so beautifully
Now when they see us on the streets
All they wanna do is take pics
And I'm like, okay (yeah, okay)
And when they hear us on the beat
All they wanna do is make hits
And I'm like, okay (yeah, okay)
And if you're feelin' like I'm feelin'
How the world should be, perfectly
Fire like I'm third degree, and suddenly
Shawty, we got so high
Fire fly
Now when they see us on the streets
All they wanna do is take pics
And I'm like, okay (yeah, okay)
And when they hear us on the beat
All they wanna do is make hits
And I'm like, okay (yeah, okay)
And if you're feelin' like I'm feelin'
How the world should be, perfectly
Fire like I'm third degree, and suddenly
Shawty, we got so high
Fire fly
Alright it's Childish baby, Mr. Talk About His Dick Again
Nerdy ass black kid, yeah whatever man I'm sick of him
That well spoken token, who ain't been heard
The only white rapper who's allowed to say the N-word
I buy a bunch of 'em and put it on my black card
Now I got some street cred, use it 'till it's maxed out
I got a girl on my arm dude, show respect
Something crazy, an Asian, Virginia Tech
She too fine, I do dimes
If not that I'm walking out with two fives
Change my ID for the cops, it's not enough yet
Black male in short shorts, I'm double suspect
Ballin' since '83, half of 'em say gay
Maybe that's the reason I like Lady What-baby's-say
I'm a problem, I'm lame as fuck homie
But I rap like these niggas ain't got shit on me
Fuck the cool kids, not Chuck Inglish
But people who think that hatin' on me makes them distinguished
Like, "What is this nigga doin rap is for real blacks
I hate that fucking faggot man he think that we feel that"
Or "I wrote on rape culture my junior year at Brown
So I'm allowed to say what all his raps are about"
You better shut your mouth before I fuck it
You really hate my lyrics now, or Kid Cudi's? Nigga
Runnin' this thang, money insane
Busy getting brain like Krang
What, what's my name in the woods got these niggas usin' Mapquest
Man, fuck a backpacker
Niggas with OCD, N-W-O
All white like my clothes, CW shows
Nigga got signed, it's an anomaly
No cosine, trigonometry
Man these niggas hate me
"Man, fuck you nigga...fuck you nigga!"
They real black like won't show up on your camera phone
They real black like turn the flash on your camera on
They real black take shit, turn it into gold
I'm real black I survive when the pressure on
Upper echelon, bit my lip when I'm kissin' her
Clash of the titans, baby your tits is titular
Listenin' to some Kiss FM, she wanna hear Nicki Minaj
Super Bass, super face inside a garage
It's not a massage, spa rap with a happy ending
Old niggas wanna assassinate me
It's a shame, these kids was supposed to save rap
Fuck that, boat shoes and a wave cap
He don't give back, how the fuck a nigga say that?
Summer in November I gave everyone a Maybach
Comin' on that paint back, comin' on that mace took
I'm comin' on some real shit, I'm comin' on her Facebook
Fuck a backpacker with a rhino's dick
I do me like a gyno chick, uh
Runnin' this thang, money insane
Busy getting brain like Krang
What, what's my name in the woods got these niggas usin' Mapquest
Man, fuck a backpacker
[Verse 1]
Alright, Gambino is a mastermind, fuck a bitch to pass the time
Mass Appeal, orange rind, smoke your green, I'm spendin' mine
The beat is witches brew, but beware this shit is potent
E. e. cummin' on her face, now that's poetry in motion
Yeah, Gambino make it work, I'm the boss move somethin'
Yeah, this cool fuckin' suits me, swag two button
Yeah, these girls be actin' crazy when they're dancin', Black Swan
I ain't fuckin' at the club, put your clothes back on
This beat is a disaster, 9/11 this track
Rappers wanna battle me, I have to mail their heads back
And my clique make that dinero, so it's time to meet the fuckers
I am runnin' this bitch, you are just a dog walker
Leavin' with your girl when we last seen each other
You fuckin' with the baddest like we tag team Rihanna
Fly girl on her knees, she don't wanna come near me
My dick is too big, there's a big bang theory
Got her picture in my iPhone, what do y'all think?
While y'all niggas masturbate, I'm in that Ariel Pink
If I am just a rapper man, you coulda fooled me
I'm the shit, when these dudes talk, they talkin' bull me
[Verse 2]
Okay, I'm down with the black girls of every single culture
Filipino, Armenian girls on my sofa
Yeah I like the white girls, sometimes we get together
Need a thick chick though, so it's black and yellow, black and yellow
Love is a trip, but fuckin' is a sport
Are there Asian girls here? Minority Report
Put your team on the map, Blake Griffin on the court
Niggas bitin' off my tracks, need a knife and a fork
We the illest, need a nurse, here's the check, grab your purse
Unless we fuckin', then I'll pay for all the food on the Earth, man
I got some pussy that was insane, so insane, it's an enemy of Batman
I'm Dominant, niggas call me faggot cause they closeted
I'm hot as shit, comin' outta the backside of a rocket ship
It's Monster shit, you dude's are the opposite of Loch Nesses
Respond to this, we can squash the beef right now like sausages
Chillin' with my n-words, say it like a white kid
Yes your booty's big as hers, say that to my white bitch
So she don't get embarrassed, my dick is made of carrots
Bunnies wantin' to be fed and I meant honeys, oh forget it
I have worked all winter, I will not fail summer
In the back of the bush, like Gavin Rossdale's drummer
Yeah, my stinger's in her flower, I hope she lets me pollinate
Workin' hard as shit, yeah this beat is made from concentrate
Nigga can't you tell that my sample of Adele
Was so hot, I got these hood niggas blowin' up my cell?
Swag out the ass, I'm the man, fuck chico
Took the G out your waffle, all you got left is your ego
Think about it for a second, man we eatin', where's your breakfast?
Man, you hungry have this sandwich, got my wallet, cheese and lettuce
An elephant never forgets, so my dick remembers everything
Green inside your wallet is that pussy open sesame
Runnin' the game, fuck am I sayin', runnin' the Earth, give me a month
Told all you niggas I'm in it to win it cause havin' an Emmy just wasn't enough
You get sloppy drunk, I stay whiskey neat
My clique should be cancelled, Freaks and Geeks
You're the only girl that I have ever wanted
Every other girl is trying to be you
My mama says that I should write you letters
But I think you're with other dudes
Take my hand, you'll like it
You don't even have to call
Yes I've had some alcohol, I'm sorry
Take my hand
You don't even have to call
You're somewhere out there after all
You're all I ever wanted
You're all I ever wanted
You're all I ever wanted
I wanted you to know
That I am ready to go, heartbeat
My heartbeat
I wanted you to know
Whenever you are around, can't speak
I can't speak
I wanted you to know
That I am ready to go, heartbeat
My heartbeat
I wanted you to know
Whenever you are around, can't speak
I can't speak
I know what your boy like
Skinny tie and a cuff tight
He go and make breakfast
You walk around naked
I might just text you
Turn your phone over, when it's all over
No settling down, my text go to your screen
You know better than that
I come around when you least expect me
I'm sitting at the bar when your glass is empty
You thinking that the songs coming on to tempt me
I need to be alone like the way you left me
You start calling, you start crying
I come over, I'm inside you
I can't find you
The girl that I once had
But the sex that we have, isn't half bad
The text say that "It's not fair"
That's code for "He's not here"
And I'ma flirt with this new girl
And I'ma call if it don't work
So we fuck, till we come, to conclusions
All the things that we thought we was losing
I'm ghost and you know this
That's why we broke up in the first place
'Cause
I wanted you to know
That I am ready to go, heartbeat
My heartbeat
I wanted you to know
Whenever you are around, can't speak
I can't speak
I wanted you to know
That I am ready to go, heartbeat
My heartbeat
I wanted you to know
Whenever you are around, can't speak
I can't speak
It's late night Thursday
I know that you heard me
But you don't want the same thing
Well two can play that game
So I'm chilling with my girlfriend
But she not my real girlfriend
She got a key to my place but
She's not my real girlfriend
Stupid, so dummy
Say the wrong thing and wrong girls come runnin'
I'm paranoid that these girls want something from me
And it's hard to make a dime go one hundred
And my dude freakin' out over a worse fate
She on time, but she late for they first date
'Cause he went and tried out all new condoms
Slipped off in a threesome, good problems?
Right? Wrong
Askin' him if she gonna play games
With the super smash brothers, but none of them you
I miss the sex when you kiss whenever you through
Sixty nine is the only dinner for two
I was wrong, but would you have listened to you?
Uh, you were crazy
I got a heart, but the artichoke
Is the only thing girls want when you in that smokin' light
I wanted you to know
That I am ready to go, heartbeat
My heartbeat
I wanted you to know
Whenever you are around, can't speak
I can't speak
I wanted you to know
That I am ready to go, heartbeat
My heartbeat
I wanted you to know
Whenever you are around, can't speak
I can't speak
So we're done? This the real shit?
We used to hold hands like field trips
I'm a jerk, but your dude is a real dick
I read his post on your wall and I feel sick
He ain't cool, he ball and all that
But he just a fake nigga who blog in all caps
You coulda' wait to date
I'm going straight for your thighs like the cake you ate
I give a fuck about the niggas that you say you hate
You know that I'm the best when I'm a-fake-tionate
I'm the best that you had, face it
J and Keyshia are related, racist
I give you money, then you burn it, like you made off
She ain't a killer, but she'd fucking blow your head off
I know he wondering, "What the fuck you hiding?"
That we dated like raps about Bin Laden
Ayo, fuck this
Are we dating? Are we fucking?
Are we best friends? Are we something in between that?
I wish we never fucked, and I mean that
But not really, you say the nastiest shit in bed and it's fuckin' awesome
Okay, it's Childish Gambino, homegirl drop it like the NASDAQ
Move white girls like there's coke up my asscrack
Move black girls cause, man, fuck it, I'll do either
I love pussy, I love bitches, dude, I should be runnin' PETA
In Adidas, with some short shorts, B-O-O all over me
My green is where it's supposed to be, your green is in my grocery
This Asian dude, I stole his girl, and now he got that Kogi beef
My dick is like an accent mark, it's all about the over Es
Hot like a parked car
I sound weird like nigga with hard R
Fly like the logo on my cousin's four forty
Eatin' Oreos like these white girls that blow me
Vodka for my ladies, whiskey for a grown man
Hangin' in the islands, lookin' for Earl like toe jam
I made the beat retarded, so I'm callin' it a slow jam
Butcher and I know it, man, kill beef, go ham
These rappers are afraid of him
Cause I'm a beast, bitch, Gir, Invader Zim
Gambino is a call girl, fuck you, pay me
Brand new whip for these niggas like slavery
They told me I was awful man, that shit did not phase me
Tell me how I suck again, my memory is hazy
"You're my favorite rapper, now" Yeah, dude, I better be
Or you can fuckin' kiss my ass, Human Centipede
You wanna see my girl? I ain't that dumb
You wanna see my girl? Check Maxim
"Man, why does every black actor gotta rap some?"
I don't know, all I know is I'm the best one
It's a bonfire, turn the lights out
I'm burnin' everything you muthafuckas talk about
It's a bonfire, turn the lights out
I'm burnin' everything you muthafuckas talk about
You know these rapper dudes talk shit, start killin'
Fuck that, got goons like an arch-villain
I'm from the South, ain't got no accent, don't know why
So this rap is child's play, I do my name like Princess Di
Yeah, they say they want the realness, rap about my real life
Told me I should just quit "first of all, you talk white!
Second off, you talk like you haven't given up yet"
Rap's stepfather, yeah, you hate me but you will respect
I put in work, ask Ludwig
Put my soul on the track like shoes did
Played this for my cousin, now he can't even think straight
Black and white music? Now, nigga, that's a mixtape
Shout out to my blerds, they represent the realness
Shout out to Gambino, girls, my dick is in the building
I know you hate me cause your little cousin play me
I like black girls who nerdy, but when they dance they be sayin' "owww"
Sorry for who followed me
Chillin' with a Filipino, at your local Jollibee
Yeah, I'm in her ass like sodomy
So if you see my hand under the table, don't bother me
I don't talk soft, that's that other guy
I'm screamin' "What the fuck is up?" like I ain't seen the sky
And shit I'm doin' this year, Insanity
Made the beat then murdered it, Casey Anthony
These rappers don't know what to do
Cause all I did was act me like a Loony Tune
I'll give you all of me until there's nothing left
I swear this summer will be summer camp, bitch
What the fuck do y'all niggas really want?
I went with realness instead
But all the real niggas I know either crazy or dead
Yeah, I dropped the free EP for these other kids to feel a lot
Niggas keep asking on whether this dude's for real or not
I'm not trying to come hard, I'm trying to come me
That's why these older songs that I used to make I'd release free
What's the point of rap if you can't be yourself, huh?
That's why I come first like my cell phone
I'm a role model, I am not these other guys
I rap about my dick and talk about what girls is fly
I know it's dumb, that's the fucking reason I'm doing it
So why does everyone have a problem with talking stupid shit?
Or is it real shit?
'Cause sometimes that stupid shit is real shit
Like when you make out with your best friend's baby sis
You know the one with short hair you used to babysit?
(See, that's not even right)
You with a different girl like each and every fucking night
And kiss her while she's sleeping and sneak out the front to catch a flight
That's not life, dude
It's just making up for fucks I missed in high school
I keep it wrapped until I meet the right one
'Cause I ain't Mumford, I ain't tryin' to have sons
All I wanted was some more like Ashton
I ain't the coolest but I know I got passion
I got passion
I really wanna do right and it doesn't matter
We've got all the shine we need to find
I really wanna do right and it doesn't matter
We've got all the shine we need to find
"Baby, I'm okay." She said, "Why you gotta act so strange?"
I said, "Baby, I'm okay." She said, "Why you gotta act so strange?"
"Baby, I'm okay." She said, "Why you gotta act so strange?"
I said, "Baby, I'm okay." She said, "Why you gotta act so strange?"
Am I serious? I don't even know
Are you hearing this? This shit is laughable
I ain't trying, I'm doing, these other rappers are foolish
I got fame, my A&R;'s a computer
Is there room in the game for a lame who rhymes?
Who wears short-shorts and makes jokes sometimes?
My nigga like, "I'd get you MTV if I could, man
But Pitchfork only likes rappers who crazy or hood, man"
So, I guess we gon' see
I ain't Curren$y, but if there ain't money in my name please murder me
Sometimes I feel like I ain't supposed to be here
Sometimes I wake up, I don't want to be here
My mom loved to text me Psalm verses
She don't look at me like I'm the same person
I used to be the sweet one, but things change
And I don't want them missing a son like Bone's last name
And all my uncles alcoholics, shame on me
I drink whiskey till I'm grounded, no TV
I wanna go inside the club with no gold piece
And walk in with no I.D. and No I.D
No matter how far the hood seems
We all still got hood dreams
I always wanted to get picked on the cool team
But alone is exactly how I should be
I really wanna do right and it doesn't matter
We've got all the shine we need to find
I really wanna do right and it doesn't matter
We've got all the shine we need to find
I really wanna do right and it doesn't matter
We've got all the shine we need to find
I really wanna do right and it doesn't matter
We've got all the shine we need to find
We need to find
Oh
We need to find
All these haters
See you later
All that I could do
But you don't even feel me though
I know you know I know you got that power
That power
Oh, oh oh
So CG but a nigga stay real
Though I'm fly I'm ill I'm running shit
3-points, field goal
Rappers used to laugh like I tripped and fell
Cause I don't stunt a gold cross like I Christian Bale
Yeah, they starin' at me jealous cause I do shows bigger
But your looks don't help, like an old gold digger
Uncool, but lyrically I'm a stone cold killer
So it's 400 blows to these Truffaut niggas
Yeah, now that's the line of the century
Niggas missed it, too busy
They lyin' 'bout penitentiary
Man, you ain't been there
Nigga you been scared
And I'm still living single like Sinclair
Lovin' white dudes who call me white and then try to hate
When I wasn't white enough to use your pool when I was 8
Stone Mountain you raised me well
I'm stared at by Confederates but hard as hell
Tight jeans penny loafers, but I still drink a Bodine
Staying on my me shit, but hated on by both sides
I'm just a kid who blowing up with my father's name
And every black "you're not black enough"
Is a white "you're all the same"
Mm Food like Rapp Snitch Knishes
'Cause it's oreos, twinkies, coconuts, delicious
How many gold plaques you want inside your dining room?
I said I want a full house
They said, "You got it dude!"
All these haters
See you later
All that I could do
But you don't even feel me though
I know you know I know you got that power
That power
Oh, oh oh
Holla, holla, holla, holla at yo boy
Like yo dad when he's pissed off
Got flow, I could make a cripple crip walk
Niggas breath stank, all they do is shit talk
People want a real man, I made 'em wait this long
Maybe if he bombs, he'll quit and keep actin'
And save paper like your aunt does with McDonald napkins
How'd it happen? Honesty did it
See all of my competition at the bodies exhibit
Yeah I bodied the limits and I get at them fakers
Motherfuck if you hate it, cremated them haters
So, my studio be a funeral
Yeah, this is our year, oh you didn't know?
Uh, yeah I'm killin' you, step inside the lion's den
Man I'm Hov if the 'O' was an 'I' instead
On stage with my family in front of me
I am what I am
Everything I wanna be
All these haters
See you later
All that I could do
But you don't even feel me though
I know you know I know you got that power
That power
Oh, oh oh
This is on a bus back from camp. I'm thirteen and so are you. Before I left for camp I imagined it would be me and three or four other dudes I hadn't met yet, running around all summer, getting into trouble. It turned out it would be me and just one girl. That's you. And we're still at camp as long as we're on the bus and not at the pickup point where our parents would be waiting for us. We're still wearing our orange camp t-shirts. We still smell like pine needles. I like you and you like me and I more-than-like you, but I don't know if you do or don't more-than-like me. You've never said, so I haven't been saying anything all summer, content to enjoy the small miracle of a girl choosing to talk to me and choosing to do so again the next day and so on. A girl who's smart and funny and who, if I say something dumb for a laugh, is willing to say something two or three times as dumb to make me laugh, but who also gets weird and wise sometimes in a way I could never be. A girl who reads books that no one's assigned to her, whose curly brown hair has a line running through it from where she put a tie to hold it up while it was still wet
Back in the real world we don't go to the same school, and unless one of our families moves to a dramatically different neighborhood, we won't go to the same high school. So, this is kind of it for us. Unless I say something. And it might especially be it for us if I actually do say something. The sun's gone down and the bus is quiet. A lot of kids are asleep. We're talking in whispers about a tree we saw at a rest stop that looks like a kid we know. And then I'm like, "Can I tell you something?" And all of a sudden I'm telling you. And I keep telling you and it all comes out of me and it keeps coming and your face is there and gone and there and gone as we pass underneath the orange lamps that line the sides of the highway. And there's no expression on it. And I think just after a point I'm just talking to lengthen the time where we live in a world where you haven't said "yes" or "no" yet. And regrettably I end up using the word "destiny." I don't remember in what context. Doesn't really matter. Before long I'm out of stuff to say and you smile and say, "okay." I don't know exactly what you mean by it, but it seems vaguely positive and I would leave in order not to spoil the moment, but there's nowhere to go because we're are on a bus. So I pretend like I'm asleep and before long, I really am.
I wake up, the bus isn't moving anymore. The domed lights that line the center aisle are all on. I turn and you're not there. Then again a lot of kids aren't in their seats anymore. We're parked at the pick-up point, which is in the parking lot of a Methodist church. The bus is half empty. You might be in your dad's car by now, your bags and things piled high in the trunk. The girls in the back of the bus are shrieking and laughing and taking their sweet time disembarking as I swing my legs out into the aisle to get up off the bus, just as one of them reaches my row. It used to be our row, on our way off. It's Michelle, a girl who got suspended from third grade for a week after throwing rocks at my head. Adolescence is doing her a ton of favors body-wise. She stops and looks down at me. And her head is blasted from behind by the dome light, so I can't really see her face, but I can see her smile. And she says one word: "destiny." Then her and the girls clogging the aisles behind her all laugh and then she turns and leads them off the bus. I didn't know you were friends with them.
I find my dad in the parking lot. He drives me back to our house and camp is over. So is summer, even though there's two weeks until school starts. This isn't a story about how girls are evil or how love is bad, this is a story about how I learned something and I'm not saying this thing is true or not, I'm just saying it's what I learned. I told you something. It was just for you and you told everybody. So I learned cut out the middle man, make it all for everybody, always. Everybody can't turn around and tell everybody, everybody already knows, I told them. But this means there isn't a place in my life for you or someone like you. Is it sad? Sure. But it's a sadness I chose. I wish I could say this was a story about how I got on the bus a boy and got off a man more cynical, hardened, and mature and shit. But that's not true. The truth is I got on the bus a boy. And I never got off the bus. I still haven't.
Baby, you're the baddest
Baby, you're the baddest girl and uh
Nobody else matters
Nobody else matters girl and uh
We're kissing in the bathroom
We're kissing in the bathroom girl and uh
I hope nobody catch us
But I kinda hope they catch us
Anyway
A New York nine's an everywhere else six
Time wise, the opposite goes for chicks
I'm in a taxi, texting with my best friend
He's sleeping with this girl that he met up on West end
He's lucky, she's a career woman, no kids
Most girls see the clothes and try and gold dig
Most hoes poke holes in Trojans
Most people don't fuckin' hit the lotto but my folks did
I'm a mess
That don't rhyme with shit, it's just true
Don't bring your girlfriend here, it's just you
When I'm depressed you're someone I run to
But, I guess meet me at Pianos
And cross-fadin' off of Nanos
Ugh, on that hipster shit
And you's a hipster, bitch
Yo, but not in the lame way
Like, you ain't livin' out in BK
Like, you ain't workin' on a screenplay
Like, your baby daddy ain't a DJ
Like, she listenin' to old Freeway
Cause everybody listens to Biggie, but she different
Right, that's why your friends need wristbands?
Fuck you
Can I have this dance?
Baby, you're the baddest
Baby, you're the baddest girl and uh
Nobody else matters
Nobody else matters girl and uh
We're kissing in the bathroom
We're kissing in the bathroom girl and uh
I hope nobody catch us
But I kinda hope they catch us
Anyway
Baby, you're the baddest
Baby, you're the baddest girl and uh
Nobody else matters
Nobody else matters girl and uh
We're kissing in the bathroom
We're kissing in the bathroom girl and uh
I hope nobody catch us
But I kinda hope they catch us
Anyway
We could pretend if you want to, like
We in love and started datin' at your art school
Cause either way we both lyin' more than half of the time
Except for when I'm home workin' on your graphic design
Every time we see each other I'm takin' you home
Our relationship has gotten Sylvester Stalone
Yellow 9/11 Persian girl in the back car
But me writin' a verse the only way they buyin' a bar
White boys used to trip and send me over a gin
But they busy showin' off each other Indian friend
She got ironic tattoos on her back
That ain't ironic bitch, I love Rugrats
Watchin' lames handle they fame
They bang any broad with bangs
In a band with an animal name
Hannibal came drinkin' a handle of Jameson
Analin' anyone is the plan for the evening
I'm kidding, stop
Girl cryin' on Ludlow
She still look good though
Love is east side, who are you to hate?
Movie ass, not a 10 but a Super 8
You ain't see me at the show, I was super great
Hotel penthouse, go on and let it roominate
City never sleeps, so I guess I'm never slept on
Did everything I could, then I kept goin'
Baby, you're the baddest
Baby, you're the baddest girl and uh
Nobody else matters
Nobody else matters girl and uh
We're kissing in the bathroom
We're kissing in the bathroom girl and uh
I hope nobody catch us
But I kinda hope they catch us
Anyway
Baby, you're the baddest
Baby, you're the baddest girl and uh
Nobody else matters
Nobody else matters girl and uh
We're kissing in the bathroom
We're kissing in the bathroom girl and uh
I hope nobody catch us
But I kinda hope they catch us
Anyway
Ooh girl, I wanna know
Are you ready to cry, cause I'm no good, no good
Ooh girl, I wanna try
I'm an awful guy and I'm always away
And I'm tryin' to say
I'ma piece of shit
Believe in this
I'm tellin' you
Cause we barely knew, what we had
I'm not that bad, the fun we had
Oh Oh
Baby, you're the baddest
Baby, you're the baddest girl and uh
Nobody else matters
Nobody else matters girl and uh
We're kissing in the bathroom
We're kissing in the bathroom girl and uh
I hope nobody catch us
But I kinda hope they catch us
Anyway
Baby, you're the baddest
Baby, you're the baddest girl and uh
Nobody else matters
Nobody else matters girl and uh
We're kissing in the bathroom
We're kissing in the bathroom girl and uh
I hope nobody catch us
But I kinda hope they catch us
Anyway
[Hook]
Who's in love with you now?
I swear to God, I swear to God I am
Who's in love with you now?
I swear to God, I swear to God I am
Nobody really wants you
[Verse 1]
First off let me say I'm drunk off of shitty wine
So I'll probably use the B word a couple times
I used to love your fucking mouth you had enough of mine
But what's reason for you never gave me any sign
When we were making out you kind of act like it was nothing
Like you were doing it to prove you could do it or something
You know I'm fine with getting fucked by girls who are my friends
You fucked me in a different way I guess it all depends
Texting on my day off, "Hey babe what's going on?"
"Sorry I can't make it out", sad face emoticon
It's funny how I see you with these bad boys you hanging on
I told ya I'm a soldier need a girl scout to tag-a-long
Face down ass up, that's the way you left me
I thought there was a spark but we were missing Lisa Leslie
"You know it's fucking childish to write a song to get me"
I'm always fucking childish you knew that when you met me
[Hook]
[Verse 2]
You ain't that fine bitch what the fuck you heard?
I love these shitty ass chicks I guess I'll never learn
I hate it when you think you really getting something good
And you don't listen to your dudes when you really should
I got so many fucking girls I can't even count 'em
There's probably six or seven girls who think this song's about them
Never kiss in public but at home I am affectionate
Fucking bitches left and right my dick is ambidextrous
I know you probably texting this lyric to friends
Saying "This nigga think he all that. He fucking something big", well uhh
I think we both know that I worked that ass
I hope your dude can keep it stretched, double class
I'm trying hard not to use a specific reference
But you'll probably know that it's you after the first sentence
So let me quit while I'm ahead like a penis
And I never was in love with you I hope you know I'm meaning it
[Hook - 2x]
Nobody really wants you
Nobody really wants you
Nobody really wants you, wants you, wants you
Yeah, yes I'm on top
I'm going this hard, and no I won't stop
Yeah, yes I'm on top
I'm going this hard, and no I won't stop
(Cheezy wassup)
Let me hear you holla bitch: actor, writer, rapper
Nigga I do all of it
Lactose tolerant, addicted to cheddar
And I spent it on a jacket man I don't know no better
Yeah it's Childish Gambino, yeah I'm fly as a feather
Yeah my nigga be suburban but my flow keep it ghetto
Keep my swagger poloroid you can watch it develop
Ain't it funny in a year I went from different to special
Yeah I got it together, yeah I took those chances
Labels on me like I might cause cancer
Yes a nigga flow went from Camry to Phantom
I'm just talking real shit, hope you can handle
Sleepin on the jet like Lear like chandle
Flyer than a jet women hoping they can land 'em
How we turn everything to gold that they hand 'em?
I am just different, that's the only answer
Yeah, yes I'm on top
I'm going this hard, and never gon' stop
Yeah, yes I'm on top
I'm going this hard, and never gon' stop
I'm a hero (8x), yeah
Back on my grind, nigga I'm a skater
She just think I'm fine, nigga you's a hater
Style with no name, they just want to label me
They should call it what these other niggas are afraid to be
APC store walkin' out with eight bags
Yeah I'm killin' paper, call it poppin' tag
You ever spend three grand on designer vision,
When you should've spent it on your little sis' tuition?
She played my album when nobody else out there would listen
I'm comin' harder than these girls that you would swear were pissin'
Davinci-esque, I'm the real deal
The only thing I don't know is how 'fraid feel
I'm living everything these other niggas lyin' bout
Bitches don't believe me, to prove it to em I fly 'em out
She say that I'm her everything, I'm better than those other guys
I say I'm just a rapper, she tell me that's a fuckin' lie
(chorus)
They said me rappin' was like MJ and baseball
But that would make me MJ, so motherfuck all of y'all
Trippin' on this fame shit, drinking like a fuckin fish
Listen to the next track I Be On That other shit
Yes I sound weird, nigga, take it as a compliment
Guess who's in the house and representing like a congressman
Anything I put my mind to I accomplish it
From writing scripts with Tina Fey to laying down the hardest shit
Who else is doing what I'm doing? No one
And I mean girls too, intended no pun
I'm on the road son, busy like I'm Bone Thug
Comment left anonymous cause ain't nobody want none
She laying in my bed she gotta be bi-curious
Barf on the track, the amazing and rap-furious
Damn bloggers argue whether or not I'm serious
It's Nas' Illmatic not Eddie Murphy's Delirious
Got the limelight, you stupid you think I'm sharing this
Showing up late, promoters wondering where he is
Got some nightmares, my failing's gotta be scariest
But I would never fail, I'm a hero one of the best there is
(chorus)
Oh, I want it, yeah
Whenever you need my help
I'll hold you down, oh
Oh, you want it, yeah
Why in the fuck these niggas
Try and hold me down, oh
You such a fuckin' lame
It's what they used to yell back in seventh grade
My momma said she'd get me that new jacket when the cost go down
Hit the office, stole some Tommy Hill from lost and found
Not bad for a family of foster child
Lookin' fly man, I'm flossin' now
But them niggas saw through me
Are you serious? What is this?
Took the jacket off third period, ellipsis
Listening to "Sky is the Limit" on my Walkman
Thinking if Biggie can make it through it, man then I can
Dope boy swag
I always wanted that
But my persona was always more of that Arthur Ashe
But no love for the son of a commuter
Who was a radio head and okay at them computers
At the post office
It's funny how you smoke niggas then you start coffins
All my people need throat lozenge
My fear is dead
Ambition drove the hearse
But niggas got my feelin' I ain't black enough to go to church
Culture shock at barber shops cause I ain't hood enough
We all look the same to the cops, ain't that good enough?
The black experience is blackened serious
Cause being black, my experience, is no one hearin' us
White kids get to wear whatever hat they want
When it comes to black kids one size fits all
Oh, I want it, yeah
Whenever you need my help
I'll hold you down, oh
Oh, you want it, yeah
Why in the fuck these niggas
Try and hold me down, oh
We the baddest nigga, we the baddest nigga
Yeah
We the baddest nigga, we the baddest nigga
Uh
We the baddest nigga, we the baddest nigga
We the baddest nigga
Uh
We the baddest nigga
The reason that they say I'm nothin' what they seen or heard's
The same reason Will Smith always opposite Latino girls
They only see you how they wanna see you
'Til you make them see you in some other way
I'm trippin' off the other day
Cause God knows what these white kids sayin'
Dude you're not not racist cause The Wire's in your Netflix queue
Subtle racism
It's hard to pin it cause you'd only understand
If you were me for just a minute
This one kid said somethin' that was really bad
He said I wasn't really black because I had a dad
I think that's kinda sad
Mostly cause a lot of black kids think they should agree with that
If you're a father, you should stick around if you could
Cause even if you're bad at it, you get Tiger Woods
Or MJ
We warriors, we all need senseis
Change everything that we've done so far
I don't mean makin' B.E.T. T.E.R
I mean just the way that we see each other
I won't stop until they say, "James Franco is the white Donald Glover"
Yeah, these niggas wanted Cookie but instead I gave 'em Loch Ness
Sick Boi for life, my swag is in a hospice
Aimin' for the throne, Jay and Ye said to watch that
They ask me what I'm doin', I say I'm stealin' rock back
Nigga
Oh, I want it, yeah
Whenever you need my help
I'll hold you down, oh
Oh, you want it, yeah
Why in the fuck these niggas
Try and hold me down, oh
Oh, I want it, yeah
Whenever you need my help
I'll hold you down, oh
Oh, you want it, yeah
Why in the fuck these niggas
Try and hold me down, oh
Small chick with a fat ass
Did I say that out loud, let me backtrack
I know my game ain't that bad
Have you ever made out with a Gap ad?
And girls want what they can't have
So I don't text back when the screen flash
You love me, you mean cash
Need a friend you can fuck, I can be that
Crush girls now, couldn't last year
Oh, you like me now, well that's weird
Last year you were chillin' with Lil Wayne
Now you wanna pretend like my feelings is still the same?
My work is my playtime
I need you to understand and to stay fine
Do this and I just might wife you
Let me poke-ya-mom, Raichu
Fuck ya life
I don't really think I drank enough tonight
Lookin' at you, make me wanna fuck for life
Lame-ass dudes gon' suck tonight
But so are these girls, am I wrong or right?
Girl, do somethin' to me
"Nah, baby, you way too hood for me"
Y'all girls have never been good for me
Watch a nigga take over, mute me
I wanna fuck with the lights on
Hey, girl, let a python slide on
Stay sick, infect me, Lysol
I'm on the edge, they hopin' that I might fall
I make it work, I'm runnin' with a new crew
And we do dope shit you ain't used to
For me, by me, fuck Fubu
This girl never heard of me, go and check YouTube
I got a house with a dope view
See the ocean, dope shit, you an '06, I'm an '02
But enough about high school
I'm gettin' laid, or I'm gettin' lied to
You my stand-in Cameron, lemme be your A-Rod
You number one in The Pack, Based God
Should I say somethin' dumb to give us somethin' to fight about?
Never mind, lights out
I want the lights turned on
Show me how you do it
Show me what you doin'
I don't wanna lose
Have them lights turned on
Show me what you doin'
Show me what you do to me, me
Swag
2:30 and we still makin' progress
Talkin' on Twitter to see where to go next
3:30, man, where did the time go?
I'm chillin' with this Asian chick I met in Chicago
She look like the Social Network chick
Except for her ass is twice as thick, man
Just wanna bite that shit
Where the fuck did my license went?
I musta left it at the other place
I rent a loft downtown with a ton of space
Yeah, we doin' stupid shit, have stories when I'm older
But I don't wanna see pictures of us on Vulture
Never thought about a year ago
I'm chillin' out with the friends at the Super Bowl
Things change like a motherfuck
That's why I wild out, keep the city up
Uh, I talk a lot about the girls in my songs
But you are different from the girls in my songs
Stop talkin' 'bout the girls in my songs
If you don't like it, I can just take you home
More green than the top of these tree trunks
Leave you boyfriend here, 'cause he punk
She like, "I'm not a slut," speed bump
By the way, what's your name, 'cause we drunk
I want the lights turned on
Show me how you do it (we druuuunk)
Show me what you doin'
I don't wanna lose (we druuuuuuunk)
Have them lights turned on
Show me what you doin' (I'm drunk)
Show me what you do to me, me
I want the lights turned on
Show me how you do it
Show me what you doin'
I don't wanna lose
Have them lights turned on
Show me what you doin'
Show me what you do to me, me
I want the lights turned on
Show me how you do it (I got to get high)
Show me what you doin'
I don't wanna lose (I need to get high)
Have them lights turned on
Show me what you doin' (I got to get high)
Show me what you do to me, me (I got to get high)
I gots to get high
I need to get high
Uh, I needs to get high
Uh, I gots to get high
Turn on the lights in here, baby
Extra bright, I want y'all to see this
Turn on the lights in here, baby
Know what I mean, want you to see everything
Want you to see all of the--
Hollerin' at this Japanese girl, Asian mommy
But is it too soon for Japanese girls too tsunami
Is it racist if I say she tastes like edamame?
Was I supposed to stay uncool? Please remind me
(What the fuck is up?)
Yeah, it's Cheezy, ho
I'm so cheesy, ho, my swag's got high cholesterol
I know y'all girls, I met them all
You're her ex-man like Cannonball
I ain't got shit to say to ya, I'm known for bad behavior
Look at me
Man, I went to the W from Double Tree
Makin' out with girls who black and yellow like a bumblebee
Can I live up to all this hype they have for me? It's hard to tell
But these girls I'm kissin' chase the blues away like Gargamel
I'm back in the game, coach put me in
T-Pain flow, All I do is Win
With a glass full of McCallan to mess me up
With the cash we can throw out unless we f-ck
Dopeness
After this I hit the highway
I'm headin' west like I'm f-ckin' blowin' Kanye
Read the f-ckin' news, Huey Lewis, n-gga
You can't go ham, you's a Jewish n-gga
Donald Glover, you don't have to call me "Childish"
Except for when I'm flirting with your half-Latino stylist
Photoshoot, beach house playin' Beach House, free wireless
So I can post these pictures on my Web site of her smilin'
I kissed this girl I've liked since back when I was just a sophomore
But I'm afraid to text her "What the f-ck it take so long for?!"
What the f-ck has changed? It it swagger? Is it money?
I still dress the f-ckin' same and my nose is still as ugly
As the day you f-ckin' met me
They tellin' me I'm the rapper for these white kids
'Cause black kids can't possibly like the same shit
I wanna bring you back to the studio, try and get your number
These black girls with natural hair who keep up with their Tumblrs
I like it when you tweet me, you smell like baby lotion
I wanna suck your breasts and finger blast to Frank Ocean
Her p-ssy tastes like vanilla, tasty ho
Clown n-ggas then I kill 'em, Gacy flow
It's crazy how these labels and these blogs are on my dick
I'm Pryor in his last years: comedian who's sick
F-ck, but I am sick, seriously, I don't feel so good
'Cause I don't get sleep, and I'm always travelin'
And I don't go home, and my friends don't call
'Cause I turned off my phone
I've made mistakes, I bumped my head
Inside of this girl, inside of my bed
Whatever, man, I'm just havin' fun
I'm sorry that I f-cked her but now you know that she's not the one
I'm doin' you a favor, like every time I rhyme or write a script or do a movie
There's a million ways to shine, choose one
Instead of what you're doing tonight
I am Donald, coming soon, we got all of the lights
Turn on the lights in here, baby
Extra bright, I want y'all to see this
Turn on the lights in here, baby
Know what I mean, want you to see everything
Want you to see all of the...
I used to dream every night, now I never dream at all
Hopin' that it's cause I'm livin' everything I want
Used to wake up in a bed between my mom and aunt
Playing with this Land Before Time toy from Pizza Hut
My dad works nights
Putting on a stone face
He's saving up so we can get our own place
In the projects, man that sounds fancy to me
They called me fat nose, my mom say you handsome to me
Mrs. Glover ma'am, your son is so advanced
But he's acting up in class and keeps peeing in his pants
And I just wanna fit in, but nobody was helping me out
They talking hood shit and I ain't know what that was about
Cause hood shit and black shit is super different
So I'm talking hood shit and cool it now like New Edition
Mom and dad wouldn't listen
They left the Bronx so I wouldn't be that
All their friends in NY deal crack
It's weird, you think that they'd be proud of 'em
But when you leave the hood they think that you look down on 'em
The truth is we still struggle on a different plane
7 dollars an hour, WIC vouchers, it's all the same
Facebook messaging hopin' that could patch up shit
But all they get now is, "Can your son read this script?"
There's a world we can visit if we go outside
Outside, outside
We can follow the road
There's a world we can visit if we go outside
Outside, outside
No one knows
There's a world we can visit if we go outside
Outside, outside
We can follow the road
There's a world we can visit if we go outside
Outside, outside
No one knows
Yeah
Dad lost his job
Mama worked at Mrs. Winner's
Gun pulled in her face
She still made dinner
"Donald watch the meter
So they don't turn the lights off"
Workin' two jobs so I can get into that white school
And I hate it there
They all make fun of my clothes and wanna touch my hair
And my uncle on that stuff that got my Grandma shook
Drug dealers roughed him up and stole his address book
He's supposed to pay 'em back
He owe 'em money but his bank account is zero
So my momma made us sleep with Phillips heads under the pillow
Like that would do somethin'
But she's got six kids, she's gotta do somethin'
She don't want me in a lifestyle like my cousin
And he mad cause his father ain't around
He lookin' at me now, like
"Why you so fuckin' lucky?
I had a father too
But he ain't around so I'mma take it out on you"
We used to say "I love you"
Now we only think that shit
It feels weird that you're the person I took sink baths with
Street took you over
I want my cousin back
The world sayin' what you are because you're young and black
Don't believe 'em
You're still that kid that kept the older boys from teasin'
For some reason
There's a world we can visit if we go outside
Outside, outside
We can follow the road
There's a world we can visit if we go outside
Outside, outside
No one knows
There's a world we can visit if we go outside
Outside, outside
We can follow the road
There's a world we can visit if we go outside
Outside, outside
No one knows
Fighting hard, fighting strong
Fighting harder and stronger
Fighting hard, fighting strong
Fighting harder and stronger
Oh
I will fight for you
I will hold you so deep in the light, oh
Oh
I will fight for you
I will hold you into the night
Oh
Waiting for my moment, it's now or never
Heartbroken and hopeless, it's now or never
Down on my life, felt like dyin's better, for you
Don't come 'round here tryna find yourself
Belly of the beast, boolin', only God can help
I woke up with a vendetta this mornin'
Rise and shine, demise of my mind and I'm haunted
That's why y'all I'm still yawnin'
My pride won't die til I'm dormant
Show me where the war at
It's death threats on my door mat
I'm selfish, I need all that
No accolade escape
See I be sittin' in the grave
'Fore I be sittin' in the cage
Asked Ali what's the price of war
Asked God why momma made me poor
Ask police why they hunt me down
We fight to live and fight for sport
I try to give, they ask for more
I back away, they turn they back
Lifestyle of the talented and black
Back on the roads, I must react
This my story
Yeah this is my story
"childish gambino is a white rapper"
­i wanna be a white rapper
­i wanna be so white im the biggest rapper of all time
­i wanna be so white i can have a number one song with cursing and parents are fine with it
­i wanna be so white and so big i get eat dinner with the koch brothers
­i hope I'm so big and white i can go to clippers games and it not be a statement
­i hope I'm so white they let my friend out of jail sooner
­i hope I'm so big and white my cousin wasn't shot and stabbed twice in the neck twice last month
­i wanna be so big. so white
­i wanna be so big and and so white that white dads feel comfortable sending their daughters, who are home for the summer from Stanford, to my show
­and after the performance they come hang with me on my bus and we smoke and then we fuck to young dro and she holds my face in her hands and her eyes roll back in her head
­then she goes home and her dad says "how was the show?" and she says "it was fun. they had lasers."
­i hope i become so big and and so white that G-Eazy will say "damn, this nigga is white" and everyone will agree and nod
­i want to be so big and white that people are scared. "what if this spreads?
­what if everyone starts to get big and white? what if this works for everyone and everyone can experience this whiteness and this bigness?"
­i hope i become too big and too white
­but i am just a black male
­i am a nigga
­twitter activism is wack
­marches don't work anymore
­police should be forced to wear recording devices
[Intro: DJ Drama (Childish Gambino)]
Is it too much to ask for lyrics?
(Alright, alright)
(Royalty has never done a track together)
I mean it's 2014 man, c'mon really
(Well I thought we would get everybody on the same track)
You niggas could learn a lot by now
(I'll go first)
Stone Mountain
[Verse 1: Childish Gambino]
Give a fuck about these haters man
I'm the flyest that there's ever been
I'm always reppin' Stone Mountain
You know my show is sold out
You know my smoke is so loud
It's still about his business
Stay up out my business
Flow so vicious
When niggas talkin' shit, shut they mouth, catch what this is
I walk up in the party, we took all the bitches
They love how I move, we might need a minute
God damn, Summer looking like son of Sam, I'm killin' niggas
Hang with models and a couple strippers
She love my music so I nutted in her
Damn I'm decent, Liam Neeson
I'm takin' over, you plain sober
Gassed up and you finished last
I'm crying nigga, that's tear gas
Woooh, now I'm flexing
Was that fire? Bitch you guessed it (Oh shit!)
[Hook: Steve G Lover]
I bet you I can make that ass hot
C'mon bae, drop it like a ass shot
Say my sixteen will make that ass hot
Song done, drop it like a ass shot
Boy stuntin' got they ass hot
Go on nigga, drop 'em like a ass shot
Jump on this beat and get they ass hot
Go on girl, drop it like a ass shot
[Verse 2: Steve]
I am, the prince, two cups, always
Our team, got money, stunt hard, so don't hate
Fall off, no way, we run it, it's too late
We smoke sour, call that flowers
I just blew, a bouquet
My girl, so sweet, like Crème brûlée
But still, she that hood, like red Kool-Aid
We on top, toupée, I got hits, like touché
I just did Rome in one day
I just flew out to Croat-ia
I'm independent man and still doin' major
Young King so flashy got me lookin' like lazers
Atlanta housewife I can make ya like Phaedra
So let's play my, I'mma play ya
Get bands, then head to la playa
My niggas is bias
My brothers the owner, fuck with 'em get higher
G-lover spit fire, that flame is saliva
We're riders that got Nick Cannon's now
Make 'em drop you like Mariah, wassup
[Hook]
[Verse 3: Swank]
Start her off with gin and tonic, mine's a double
Out in Vegas fool, you know I'm bettin' double
Double your car note, double your mama rent
Ain't shit but house money, I ain't spent a cent
Mo' money mo' problems, yeah that's official
I just throw cash at it, that's my issue, it's hard
So I feed my boo boo hard that moo moo bags
If she need mo', then girl I miss you, bye
But ain't no lookin' back
Cause I know it's a salt pile (you salty?)
I'm goin' Chevy with metallic fuckin' gun style
No door handle, she high tryna figure how
While my auto mobile looks like Girls Gone Wild
That's top off, nigga drop offs
Slidin' dirty with yo' dame
OG sativa baby, watch ahead for that air plane
Fuck with my money, and I'm at your house like the mail came
You meet the Swank lion, beast mode, untamed
[Hook]
[Verse 4: Fam]
Big homie have you seen her
She got the dope breath, all white nina
Packed like Serena, maybe Trina
Shit I don't know, they both got ass
So of course he came to give you all these courses
And you can't ignore 'em, cause these hoes adore 'em
Words hot, don't slur 'em
I just speak up, so please ho, keep up
Please ho, keep up
Ok, ok, ok, she ain't getting money, no way
I met her on a Monday, but I fucked her back to Sunday
I told her she my Brandy, I'm her one and only one Ye
Till she drove off the driveway in her '97 Hyundai, bitch
[Verse 1]
Now it's the B to the izzo
You know what it is I'mma stunt on the d-low
Watch me get it in, spin in the seat, black as can be
Rolling it up, giving a fuck, like I'm a slut
Bino that's my baby what he doin out at the club?
Fuck about your dress code, my dress code is I got a big bank roll
I think so, time to give these niggas something else
Island in the summer best believe that shit ain't common wealth
Smile on her face best believe she wearing nothing else
Watch the sun set that's a feeling that she never felt
We were born free, that's my god given
How a god living? Fantastic, fans spazz when they see ya man passing
I'm in the Aston Martin, unforgivable blackness beg your pardon
All my Jack Johnson nigga, all my shows sell tix like Boston nigga
Put this on at the cook out, let me see you shmoney
Old school on the XM got your Auntie singing "Hola Hola Ayy"
Hit the dream too hard, I'm the new young god
This the new mixtape, but it's still the same game
How you gon be the don, when don half my name?
How you gon be the goat, when we are not the same?
I be feeling all this money but motherfuck the fame
It's the young Bino, I'm in your bae like Oakland
In my bed out of breath I never been this open
If you niggas can't hear me it's the weed I'm smoking
When I opened up the door I had the manager coughing like
"The hotels charging you a maintenance fee"
Gave that nigga 2 stacks and said I'm here all week
Let me roll OG, let me talk my shit
How you hotter than me? You ain't got no hits
You just got a hot feature
Bare sole on the track so my feet hurt
Do some research, know my origin
I'm the new black, fuck oranges
Yeah, that's that nigga that yall love to hate
Redbone like golden gate
Childish yall know the name, getting hate from Charlemagnes
Last year things done changed, I was thinking bout killing y'all
I was working all night long, white bitches like King Kong
Getting money my theme song, do what ever I want
Fuck your clique do what I want, fuck your bitch do what I want
Here's some shit you niggas didn't know
Probably wrote your nigga verse
Probably wrote your nigga video
High as fuck on Arsenio
Chosen, now they show my my respect nigga
Frozen, Disney movie round his neck nigga
I told ya, I'm the best right now
From Atlanta where them niggas in your chest like "blow"
Royalty equal sign black philosophers
Became a top 5 cause nobody else was stopping us
They want me Hopsin but I'm popping and getting confident
Got forbid we give him props for the job he did man it's not be some slobbering
I mean, fuck, do you want more?
I'm killing these niggas but still on tour
Fuck is y'all for?
[Outro]
This is for all of y'all
One day everyone's falling off
So right now we should all ball out
Life's too short to not all out
I don't know what I really need
But I'd rather be smoking weed
I don't know what I really need, yeah
But I'd rather be smoking weed
Now that we have found this love, baby
I can't explain my feel, oh
Now that we have found this love, baby
I've never felt this real, oh
Loving you is all I know, baby
You make me feel so high, oh no
I just wanna feel your love, baby
You know I'm down to ride, oh no no
When your song is on and your hand's in mine
And I'm holding you tight, make it feel good
Let me hold it down, I'm so glad we found
It's whenever you like, make it feel good
Make it feel good, make it feel good, alright
Make it feel good, make it feel good
Make it feel good, make it feel good, alright
Make it feel good, make it feel good
Now that we have found this love, baby
These haters can't say shit, oh
I know sometimes it's hard when I'm so far
I know you miss this di-love
Let's go somewhere far away, baby
Where we don't need no phone, oh
Cause now that we have found this love, baby
You'll never be alone, oh oh
When your song is on and your hand's in mine
And I'm holding you tight, make it feel good
Let me hold it down, I'm so glad we found
It's whenever you like, make it feel good
Make it feel good, make it feel good, alright
Make it feel good, make it feel good
Make it feel good, make it feel good, alright
Make it feel good, make it feel good
All my friends are telling me, oh
You need to slow it down, yeah
But I'm so tired of wasting all this time
I need your love right now
Give it to me like oh, ooh yeah
All that I want now, yeah
Give it to me like oh
Oh, yeah
Oh, give it to me like
Make you feel good, make you feel good, alright
Make you feel good, make you feel good
Make you feel good, make you feel good, alright
Make you feel good, make you feel good
[Part 1: Dream]
I had a dream I ran Atlanta, and I was on every radio station. And 107.9 was 97.5 again. And they played me at Golden Glad on Friday. And they played me real loud on the street, we drive up Memorial Drive, up Wesley Chapel. I reopen 112, and Jazzy T's. I'd bring back Turner Field. I fire at all the cops in Cobb county. Chick-Fil-A will be open on Sundays. I bring back LaFace Records, Freaknik. [?], Lou. I got J.R. Crickets some Spelman girls girls with big booties. I reopen SciTrek, strippers will get Mother's day off, and I'd have my own Gangsta Grillz mixtape
[Part 2: Southern Hospitality]
[Intro]
Hey this is Steve Smith from American Dad, and this is Royalty
STONE MOUNTAIN
[Verse 1]
I ain't no snitch, cops I don't trust 'em
I ain't no bitch, all I do is run 'em (x2)
Nigga I was stunin', keep that shit a hunnid
If it ain't about the money then it's not up for discussion
If it ain't about
[Break: DJ Drama]
After selling out the Georgia Dome 3 nights in a row, after selling 10 million copies of his newest album, Roscoe's Wetsuit, in one week. After successfully petitioning to recarve his own face into Stone Mountain, Stone Mountain. He's still givin' you niggas a free mixtape. Why Gambino, why young guy? Why so generous?
[Verse]
I ain't no snitch, cops I don't trust 'em
I ain't no bitch, all I do is run 'em
Nigga I was stunin', keep that shit a hunnid
If it ain't about the money then it's not up for discussion
If it ain't about progress, ain't about success
Why this nigga suspect?
You ain't seen sus yet
I'mma fuck the game so hard like Tiff
Niggas takin' shots, I'm like "nigga don't tempt me"
I seen what you make, yeah them shows sold out
But you doing clubs and I'm doing like all out, things
Why the hell he rapping if all out sync
Royalty the movement, we all out kings
For real, Bino on a mission
We are not friends, nigga this is business
Girl this my dream, ain't no split decisions
Watch me cut this bitch off, I'mma need some scissors
Mama in the kitchen, hot sauce on them chitlins
I was always spittin', just that no one else was listening
Got your girl and now we kissin'
She attracted to my vision
Now she see what she was missin'
Now she act a little different
Telling you she need some distance
Yeah come on over, we can talk about it
Now this nigga mad, yeah he thought about it
But he don't really want it
Semen on her stomach
That's a second coming, Jesus
Flow so genius, can't low-key this
Puffin' on a swisha like a ho smoke penis
They want me Uncle Remus
But I'm just flexin' on 'em
[Part 3: Partna Dem]
[Intro]
This on some old Atlanta shit. But I like it cause, It's not about what you know, but who you know. Know what I'm saying?
[Verse]
Royalty my partner dem
No one else might partner dem
Stay strapped with that arsenal
These niggas winnin', it's hard to tell
Move over, we about to take over
Slide up in them DMs, her nigga didn't even notice, I'm focused
I'm the man of the hour, play me on power
Play me on hot, nigga I'm hot, nigga don't stop
Flow so cold put a cherry on top
Haters so mad, he ain't even know why, probably all the autonomy
Fuck all your feelings, I'm proud of me, head was so good it's psychology
God damn, I'm just being who I am
From that weird ass little kid to this ballin' ass grown man
Man this beat is going so HAM, flow been burr since Novem'
Chain been burr since Novem', that means cold, I'm just sayin', we ain't playin'
If your man don't want to lick it I volunteer as tribute
You niggas on them Hunger Games, I eat them O's like onion rings
I kill them hoes so constantly
I ain't even gotta sugar coat it
See them titties, wanna motorboat it
I'm Dopaliscious like Spottie Ottie
Y'all don't know me, run the world
Turnin' up like that little girl whose like
Ay-Ay-Ay-Turnup!
Tell them niggas it's tax season
Atlanta Georgia, that's black Sweden
I'm such a martyr, die for the game
I'm such a martyr I'm runnin' trains like whoo
Slow that shit, slow that shit
Let me hear it
[Intro]
Yo I want to give a special shout out to DJ Drama, for letting me do this
I really appreciate it (And it's like this)
Hey go DJ! (That's my DJ!)
Hey go DJ! (That's my DJ!)
Hey go DJ! (Uhh, yeah, uhh)
[Verse]
Stuntin' 101, I'm doing shit that ya'll never done
Talking from TVs and movies, these the choppers to Uzis
Nothing can bruise me, nigga this is more than a movement
My squad is forever, we ain't getting annulments
New song on your speakers got me getting enormous
Played a performance, niggas getting paid on performance
A lot of ya'll hate cause my women is gorgeous
I mean they a work of art, something out of a portrait
I mean I'm a work of art, all my verses is poetry
Niggas is different, you chicken, we ain't fucking with poultry
Bunch of crab ass bloggers got me allergic to shellfish
If I fell off in a day, man, these niggas be helpless
I be bringing on a plane 'till you lames get mailed it
It's ROYALTY and, nigga, I'm the king like Elvis
I don't talk about it, let them niggas conversate
What's the song about it? Give a D and smoke a J
We don't play, I'm so on a bench, money is the stench
Let me vent, I'mma smoke 'em out, circles from her mouth
What's my favorite sound? "Oh my God I'm cumming"
Second favorite sound? "Oh that sound like money"
Oh that sound like freedom
Oh that sound gon' need a feature but he didn't need him
I'm coming back like Jesus, color Reeces Pieces
That's the money down here, we gon' need a visa
Bread like he Anita
That's my DJ, thank you DJ Drama
Came in this bitch like my baby mama
I believe in karma so I run the summer
All I got is checks, check out all these commas
Check out how I'm eating, it is very cool
James White a nigga, man I'm such a fool
I'm doing me so cold, this nigga spitting so cold
This girl 20 years old, she know she 'bout to get choose
That rabbit hole, I'm talking shit, but I'm rapping though
And that IRS and I'm taxing hoes and I saw the check
And said that's moves, that's moves
Why my clique so animal? Why my clique so Set It Off?
When I'm Queen Latifah you know I'm eatin', I fucked it up
Niggas think we ain't tough enough, niggas think we was born rich
Niggas thinking a lot of shit, niggas don't know a wars coming
Niggas don't know I saw something, killing trees, Paul Bunyon
Bunyon foot, foot clan, klans man... Alamo
Stream of conscious, I don't know
Flow was done a long time ago, and I feel for niggas who save a ho
I ain't got time and I'm throwing up like gang signs
But that was not the case
You niggas with your lifestyle as nice as my place
I'm eating off these white kids, I don't need their plate
We burning down that blue dream, she sitting on my face
I'd leave it on her backside, but that'd be a waste
That be a waste, that be a waste
[Outro]
First I want to give a shout out to DJ Drama
I really appreciate it
I wanna give a shout out to DJ Rhetorik
He did all the cuts and all the scratches
Frankie Robinson out there in Chicago
Leandro Rush, and T in Ohio
Yesi Ortiz, these are all DJs
E-man, LA Leakers, DJ Reflex
Everybody out in LA
Peter Rosenberg, Cipha Sounds
Everybody at Hot 97
Everybody at Power 105
People down at V103
DJ Iceberg over at Hot
You've been fucking with me since the beginning
Melody McCloskey
Ryan Sarver
Owen Brainard
[?]
Jack Dorsey
Angela Benton
That's about it, I'm sure there's people I forgot
But, you're appreciated regardless
I hope you enjoy the mixtape
And then I woke up
Dude wit a hoodie and hair in cornrows
With a dick size bigger than niggas in pornos
That satisfy cause they know that I care physically
I walk inside the party and know im the man instantly
I hate bars, I can't stand the clubs neither
I'm not dancing I'm fucking having a seizure
A lyrical legend lately lot a punks wish they
Got that ice needed for niggas to call them pimps; bull shit
I bite niggas heads off call me alligator
I wear bright clothes like a pack of now and laters
My hood is darth vader, cuz thats my light saber
And my golf socks will probably make your eyes dilated
Pimp juice concentrated, my swagger fresh squeezed
And them haters can't stand it cause they got weak knees
Treat banks like restaurants pass the cheese please
Im the bees knees I got little kids saying like:
Get like me
Get get like me
My flow is retarded, call me Rainman
Cuz I make it rain man!
My hoodie print bright like a fucking toucan!
What's the frequency ken?
Kicking it with french girls like the can-can
We can be friends, call me Adam
Cuz I am the man
Let me put it like this
Rapping ain't easy, there's only me and weezy, and jeezy, kanyeeze
Boys wanna be me, but my swaggers off the heezy
Call me crime mob
I run the big apple like my names Steve Jobs
My shoes custom made, white top bright green
My pants top shelf so I call em' high jeans
My clock is sick like the hospital
So if you somebody vomit in the street I'm probably responsible
If I got some extra dough, I buy these kids a bunch of ice creams
Not the food, but the shoes so they walking down the street like
Get like me
Get get like me
Uh uh
Yeah we gon' get it
Yeah
Uh uh
Oh no no no
We can go together
It doesn't really matter
We can get there
We can do it if we try
You know that I love you
Put no one else above you
We can get there
We can do it if we try
Young Bino in the house like an B&E;
Why I'm looking so fly
I'm just being me
Moved up, weed
In my girl clutch
White girls so
The twelve never really searched
Smoke cars, swear to god
She need a bigger purse
Royalty, I'm the boss, we ain't gotta work
Lay it out on the island
She Hawaiian, wonder if she let me slide in
The OG making noise like a firetruck
Flew in, touched down
Then we light 'em up
I've been saying that the clique
There's alot of us
They talk shit
But nobody else ontop of us
Got popular
This the real shit
Get in the face
With a full clip
Get in the aim
Niggas don't slip
Then get
With the case just for sellin' it
I know them gorillas
I hang with them killers
They paint 'em as villains
When really they livin'
We got abroad
This is world war three
I'm the new Jay-Z
I ain't write shit down
I'mma steal that crown
I'mma do that thing
Girl you sweeter than mango
How we cool and confident
With hair like Django
How we walk in the room
And the girls they notice
'Cus they know you bogus
I'm the man you noticed
And
We can go together
It doesn't really matter
We can get there
We can do it if we try
You know that I love you
Put no one else above you
We can get there
We can do it if we try
I'mma show you how to do this
It's easy when you
Let go, let go
Didn't mean to make you nervous
The booty lookin' retro retro
You can be the moon to me
And I can be your spotlight (spotlight)
And if you think I'm ballin'
You shoulda seen me last night, last night
Fuck that, fuck ya'll and the po-po's
Down under, surfin' on the gold coast
I'm looking for the truth in a blunt
And I ain't got a home
Let's stunt
So baby if you feel like you wanna leave
I ain't afraid to drop a couple skymiles
The game ain't easy
We both deserve a little bit of timeout
We can go together
It doesn't really matter
Oh
Yeah
'Kay, one, two, three, go!
Oh, hey
Oh, hey, ah
One more time
I just wanna roll with a cutie one
I ain't tryna catch no feels
We can get along sometimes
We ain't gotta be sincere
You ain't gotta laugh so small
Breathing all down my back
They ain't never had what we had
They ain't never felt like that
Cause them summer days
Never fade away
They just stay the same
In my mind, my mind
And them summer days
Never fade away
They just stay the same
In my mind, no no
It's those summer days
Never fade away
It just stays the same
In my mind, no no
It's those summer days
Never fade away
Never fear the change
In my mind, no no
Ok, Royalty is red hot
Shots from a redbone
Talking bout her skin tone her color beats headphones
Baby I'm just living right, and you can say I'm dead wrong
But can you disagree with that , versace on me
Got gold on the V-neck I'm passing every G check
Didn't fuck her for a month and never had a regret
It was just nice to have you chilling up in Key West
And we was just chill, I didn't really need sex
But really is we fucking yo
Never serious so I make everything a fucking joke
She be pushing buttons and she push it till that button broke
Then we smoke a blunt and all the drama it go up in smoke
See she just graduated got a new job
Took that nose ring out her nose and went and bought a new Saab
Got that boyfriend that she living with and don't smoke no more
But yo it's cool I liked her when I knew her back before like
It's those summer days
Never fade away
It just stays the same
In my mind, no no
It's those summer days
Never fade away
Never fear the change
In my mind, no no
I like smokin' loud, I like being me
I might drop them bars, that AT&T;
I like makin' moves, I like being King
If you like that ballin', I show you what that ballin' be
[Bridge:]
Money baby, money baby, money baby
Money baby, money baby, money baby
Money baby, money baby, money baby
Fly girl, she named Beatle
Clothes off, she don't need 'em
Animals, she don't eat 'em
Hungry for it, I feed her, uh, I feed her
You already know that I feed her
I don't mess with them fuck boys, she said I don't either
She said I'm gone eat her, attitude so diva
Got a big place like Scarface, treat her ass like Elvira
Skin tone godiva, smokin' on that cheeba
Girl you got me so hypnotized that thang be givin' me fever
Let me get it
Take her to Kauai, threw up on the beach
Fucked on the floor, we ain't gotta speak
Beach, getting high like a motherfuck
Royalty the team so you know what's up
Kitty so good, let me beat it up, kitty so good I could sleep in it
Hollow tip flow sending shots to my enemies
Niggas who tried to Nick Cannon me
Thoughts were so bad that I pleaded insanity
Bottles, I pop me a case
Live on the radio bought me a place
This is my summer of love
Yea, these bitches is down
But never put nothin' above
[Bridge]
Kick it like Kazuya
This game is how we maneuver
There's plenty fish in the sea and I treat them groupies like grouper
My life inside a computer, back up, my soul to the cloud
Funny we show 'em class and they call me the class clown
Money is in my jeans, best believe that it's passed down
Got the room thumpin, she tell me don't stop
I mean really don't stop
I must be doing something
Something really on point, something really on point
Now she look back at it
But she give me that look when I gotta dip out
Stop being Dramatic
Can't nobody do it like this
Forgot her name as soon as I hit
Got that buzz, the phone was silent
Run the game, that's us
Fort Knox, gold bars
Let us get it on both sides, I did it all, no cosign
And I'm ballin' like I give a fuck
Now they know it's us
Smokin' like she wanna fuck
We are not in love, she's a grownup
And I'm so childish
Still that's my bitch
Waste our time with all this
[Bridge]
I shoulda saw it comin'
I shoulda saw the signs
But I wanted to believe you, trust you
You said you wouldn't lie
But baby you were so good, so good
You had me goin' blind
You said it was your best friend, I'm guessing
I wasn't your type, hey!
What goes around comes around
And if it goes up, it comes down
I know you mad 'cause I found out
Want you to feel what I feel right now
Now that it's over
I just wanna break your heart right back
Right back
Want you to cry me a river
I just want to break your heart right back
Hey, all this time, I was blind running 'round telling everybody
My baby loves me
My baby loves me
My baby
My baby
My baby loves me
You said I was your best, would be your last
Now he's gone, you're alone
Don't want you back
You're tellin' me you're sorry
Well sorry, my friend
'Cause I've already been there done that
Ain't doin' this again
No
What goes around comes around
And if it goes up, it comes down
I know you mad 'cause I found out
Want you to feel what I feel right now
Now that it's over
I just wanna break your heart right back
Right back
Want you to cry me a river
I just want to break your heart right back
Hey, all this time, I was blind running 'round telling everybody
My baby loves me
My baby loves me
My baby
My baby
My baby loves me
My baby loves me
My baby loves me
My baby
My baby
My baby loves me
Listen, you got a man but your man ain't loyal
Don't understand how to spell it out for ya
Yes I'm G, from the A, and they ask why
Sorry had to tell you, I'm a nice guy
Naw, I'm a sick guy, money too much
I step on stage and girls move too much
The flow so gross, my nickname school lunch
And he with them other guys, you know it's true 'cause
G-A-M-B-I-N-O
I know they hate but I don't know why, uh
I know the way he did you was whack
But I know how you can get dude right back
Now that it's over
I just wanna break your heart right back
Right back
Want you to cry me a river
I just want to break your heart right back
Hey, all this time, I was blind running 'round telling everybody
My baby loves me
My baby loves me
My baby
My baby
My baby loves me
My baby loves me
My baby loves me
My baby
My baby
My baby loves me
Ooh, yeah
Runnin' 'round town tellin' everybody
Ooh, yeah
Runnin' 'round town tellin' everybody
Ooh, yeah
Runnin' 'round town tellin' everybody
Ooh, yeah
Runnin' 'round town tellin' everybody
I'm comin' out
He's comin'
I'm comin' out
I ain't lovin' these fake hoes, room smellin' like 8 swishers
Room service like 2K, NBA, I'm ballin', nigga
All them niggas, fallin' like Autumn, nigga
Talkin' shit, I saw them niggas, now their daughter want a picture
Rough ain't it? Fuck famous
Niggas too real, got the most haters
Wrote a story so Stephen Curry:
How it feel to be golden?
Why was I chosen?
Hanalei Bay with my babe, what can I say?
I did it, my timin' was perfect, I'm comin', they know it
Becomin' the last great American poet
The flow Lindsay Lohan
Tired, nigga, we're tired, nigga
My word is art like a hieroglyphic
What island is this?
Cabernet, I can smell a tarp
She wanna swim but can barely walk
She 'fraid of sharks, she'd hate my lawyer
Atlanta, Georgia, got somethin' for yah
I'm doin' somethin', stay wit' it
I sport the Oakland A fitted
'Cause it's moneyball and I'm throwin' funny
But all the kids will go get it, god dammit I'm ill
I got one question for the haters, is your girl on the pill?
I'm playin' though, but like really, really?
Oh man
Oh man, oh man, oh man
I got a hook for this, it's like
Ba-b-ba-b-ba-ba
B-ba-b-ba-b-ba-ba
Na-na-di-ma-ma-ma
I love you all the time
Somethin' like that
I'm the man forever
They can't let a nigga live 'cause the life is better
85 Everyday, why'd I bring this sweater?
I fell asleep on the beach, tiny pink umbrella
Fell out of my drink, she yellin', "What we doin' tonight?"
50K their first week, you ain't doin' it right
Young Bino best friends with the show promoters
Good year, my career is floatin', it's all me
'Cause I stay real, the worst pain, niggas don't feel
'Cause they ain't feel a nigga, tried to kill a nigga
But he still went stupid
Silver stones honorin' the game so clueless
These niggas ain't us
Hopin' that I diss you back so I can make you famous
I'm just tired of haters
The AK goin' off, sound like cicadas
We the clique all day, man I'm so Decatur
Me and Fam backstage, yeah I know you hate us
But you gotta pay us
Let 'em speak at my peak in the game for a minute
But I don't know how
All these light skinned niggas came back in style
Yea you lied to us, pretty girls at my concerts
Flow so cold so you know it was mine first
Stank attitude but I like the way she diddy bop
Puffin' white O's, body bang somethin' Nitty Scott
They want the old Bino so they try to rewind
The new Bino too ahead of his time
In a couple of years, they'll have to say I birthed a couple careers
Chances are get your boy a couple of ears, you know it
Ba-b-ba-b-ba-ba
Duh-d-duh-duh-d-duh
Duh-duh-duh-duh-duh, duh-duh-duh
I love you all the time
I don't have words for this part
But I know it should sound like this
Duh-d-duh-duh-duh-duh
To love you all the time
Used to push a skateboard, now I got a Beemer
Pockets steady drowning, haven't heard from FEMA
None of it's from rapping, so I guess this is my hobby
But I'm selling out these venues so these labels tryna sign me
Being broke is so behind me even though I try to keep it real
Like these girls with small tits when niggas cop a feel
Yes I'm on their heels when it comes to spitting syllables
Bitches are a dime a dozen, girls are individuals
'Childish Gambino is the lamest fucker, ' how you figure?
Whitest dude you ever met but ain't afraid of saying 'nigga'
Yes these fucks are talking 'bout their money like I give a fuck
When they know they can't afford like they need a truck
Rolling outta bed to write a screenplay, leave her naked
I need a girl who makes her own cake, Anita Baker
I'm breaking up with girls who don't like my ambition
When their clothes are from my wallet, and their food is in my kitchen
I remember the good times
And I remember the bad
After all the craziness we've been through
From the beginning
I'm moving on
This is goodbye
A promise is a promise, man
My work has taken over me, I am not proud of it
It's hard to keep a normal life when you are more than normal
I write a song and sleep for two hours, a rare disorder
These girls are fucking up
They tell me come to bed while I'll be up just writing stuff
Pussies need the Black Keys, y'all need to tighten up
My luxuries outweigh my problems, catch my shit and be my condom
Ladies holler that's a joke y'all need to lighten up
Yes I stay fly and well read like a cardinal
Fucking girls from TV show's, my DVR is on the pill
Sometimes they use the ring, I am Gollum in this motherfucker
Fresh Prince a nigga, man call me when you know another
Searching for the perfect girl ain't working, I found nothing yet
Kinda wanna settle down, don't think that I'm done fucking yet
So let me write these verses, and stay up late at night
I don't think you can keep up with my life, allright?
I remember the good times
And I remember the bad
After all the craziness we've been through
From the beginning
I'm moving on
This is goodbye
I remember the good times
And I remember the bad
After all the craziness we've been through
From the beginning
I'm moving on
This is goodbye
No matter what you say or what you do
When I'm alone, I'd rather be with you
Fuck these other niggas
I'll be right by your side 'til 3005, hold up
No matter what you say or what you do
When I'm alone, I'd rather be with you
Fuck these other niggas
I'll be right by your side 'til 3005, hold up
No matter what you say or what you do
When I'm alone, I'd rather be with you
Fuck these other niggas
I'll be right by your side 'til 3005, hold up
Now that we have found this love, baby
I can't explain my feel, oh
Now that we have found this love, baby
I've never felt this real, oh
Loving you is all I know, baby
You make me feel so high, oh no
I just wanna feel your love, baby
You know I'm down to ride, oh no no
When your song is on and your hand's in mine
And I'm holding you tight, make it feel good
Let me hold it down, I'm so glad we found
It's whenever you like, make it feel good
Make it feel good, make it feel good, alright
Make it feel good, make it feel good
Make it feel good, make it feel good, alright
Make it feel good, make it feel good
Now that we have found this love, baby
These haters can't say shit, oh
I know sometimes it's hard when I'm so far
I know you miss this di-love
Let's go somewhere far away, baby
Where we don't need no phone, oh
Cause now that we have found this love, baby
You'll never be alone, oh oh
When your song is on and your hand's in mine
And I'm holding you tight, make it feel good
Let me hold it down, I'm so glad we found
It's whenever you like, make it feel good
Make it feel good, make it feel good, alright
Make it feel good, make it feel good
Make it feel good, make it feel good, alright
Make it feel good, make it feel good
All my friends are telling me, oh
You need to slow it down, yeah
But I'm so tired of wasting all this time
I need your love right now
Give it to me like oh, ooh yeah
All that I want now, yeah
Give it to me like oh
Oh, yeah
Oh, give it to me like
Make you feel good, make you feel good, alright
Make you feel good, make you feel good
Make you feel good, make you feel good, alright
Make you feel good, make you feel good
No matter what you say or what you do
When I'm alone, I'd rather be with you
Fuck these other niggas
I'll be right by your side 'til 3005, hold up
No matter what you say or what you do
When I'm alone, I'd rather be with you
Fuck these other niggas
I'll be right by your side 'til 3005, hold up
No matter what you say or what you do
When I'm alone, I'd rather be with you
Fuck these other niggas
I'll be right by your side 'til 3005, hold up
[Part 1: Move That Dope]
Whippin' the Lam', whippin' and grippin' the Lam'
Niggas like 'bino the man, I was like damn
I was allergic to not makin' money, the timing was perfect
They used to not pay him no never mind
Niggas these numbers don't ever lie
Fuck wit' your boy like a pedophile
Damn I'm fly, I'm so high I might need a spaceship
I'm on acid, this bitch is basic
We them niggas y'all love to hate on
But when you see us y'all never say shit
Conversation, I'm in that, top 5, I'm in rap
Pussy niggas, y'all say shit and don't do shit
Flew your girl to Saint Lucia
Oh, these niggas are not from Atlanta, these niggas are not from Atlanta
Cause I'm from Atlanta and we would just handle it
Struggle rap, Canibus
Amethyst, my weed purple
Rap game, I'm Steve Urkel
Ur-Kel she want some pics, I'm like oh well, you better Google search
Money rule my universe
Nigga we made it
We had the beat and then we heard the verse and said nigga we hate it
Livin' my life like I'm Jaden (Smith)
Tesla the color of Satan (whip)
Bitches are mine for the takin'
I understand why you hate us
[Part 2: Nextel Chirp]
Nextel chirp, when you heard that *brrrp* *brrrp*, mean that nigga got some work
Yeah, my cousin used to serve him, now he learning how to walk
If you really from Atlanta then you heard this shit before
Yeah, you know, uh
Hit me on my Nextel chirp, when you heard that *brrrp* *brrrp*, mean that nigga got some work
Yeah, my cousin used to serve him, now he learning how to walk
If you really from Atlanta then you heard this shit before
Yeah, you know, uh
Yes I be the man, who you tellin'
Smokin' on that loud, what you smellin'
Cops want a nigga for the sport
Hundred dollars, can't afford it
Made my momma cry in court
Fuck them niggas
Fulton County, Cobb County, see the twelevy out
See you wit' your friends and break you up cause you hanging out
Learn to talk about, what you talkin' 'bout
Never on the phone, had to do it on my own
Took a minute, now we on, yeah
Scooter got the Street Lottery, that's a classic
Cause it be showin' niggas how to be when you passin'
That white girl, that white girl, Niykee Heaton, yeah
I might girl, I might girl, are you eatin' though?
Patience, congratulations, I'm on my A shit
I met this dude while on vacation, I didn't say shit
When he was talkin' all that bullshit about the nation
Starter, I just gave a facial, my reparations
Uh, it's a new black renaissance
Uh, all that wack shit Jay be on
Uh, what's the type of shit that they be on
Uh, what's the type of shit that they be on
[Part 3: Let Your Hair Blow]
[Scratches and Rewinds]
[Young Scooter]
Hey baby, let's just go for a ride, okay
[Hook: Young Scooter]
Let the top down and let your hair blow, let the top down and let your hair blow
You got a perfect body, all natural, body that the superstar lookin' for
Let's ride and let the top down, let your hair blow, ride and smoke out
We party on the Interstate, shut I-20 down, even in the one that flexin' with the top down
[Childish Gambino]
Top down, let 'em see a king
East side, East side, I'm just bein' me
I'm just seein' Gs, I'm just makin' culture
I just say the realest shit and hope it don't insult ya
On stage, yellin' crazy shit
I was high but I meant that shit
Let it out, gotta vent that shit
Play me loud, that's event music
I don't swear to God, I just swear to me
I don't think there's anything I couldn't be
All we know is trust, that's the R O Y A L T Y
Please don't ask a king what it's hard to be
[Hook: Young Scooter]
[Intro]
I've been grindin' my whole life, nigga
I've been grindin' my whole life, Rosenberg
I've been grindin' my whole life, Fam
[Verse 1]
Stuntin' on the low so they feel better
Damn, why they hatin' on a real nigga?
East side Atlanta where they kill niggas
I was in a coma but I stayed with you
I'll be right by your side
Radio play me that new "3005"
Bino won't die, illest rapper alive
See what's up with Fredo when I'm out in the Chi
Murder everything I touch but I don't know why
And he can get the business, your girlfriend love me
Turn it up, who is this? Shots at your fitted
Gra-ta-ta, are we not that fly?
Are we not young God, is this not black excellence?
I could lie to you people but my soul too sensitive
Gam-b, y'all ain't got shit on me
Man I'm so fly like XYZ
Threat to the throne, man I'ma murder this
You are such a poser, you ain't ever heard of this
Shots at you fake boys walkin' 'round in turtlenecks
And a du-rag? Wanna be me so bad
And the hair so homeless, record labels want us
Bino well read, like Octobers
Hit me on my Snapchat, hit me on my Nextel Chirp
Run up on them boys, get murked
Nigga sit down, he can't stand me
Curly black hair, bright pink panties
Blush on the vanity, tanner with her ass out
We don't have to love each other, she just wanna cash out
Stone Mountain bitch, run it off a mixtape
This is for my niggas up in Onyx gettin' shitfaced
He just dropped a mixtape, she got so excited
Took her to a Clippers game and niggas ain't invited
Drugs on the rider, need to clean my act up
Man.... I thought he was an actor
Thought he was a fuckin' joke, when I wrote them fuckin' notes
Everything I do is dope, I hope you niggas overdose
I hope you niggas hear the truth, so honest in my interviews
If Parker Lewis could't lose I'm blackin' out at Tongue & Groove
Royalty, I run the crew... we dem boys
[Interlude]
Yo I've been grindin' my whole life, nigga
Nah I'm talkin' 'bout?
I'm just sayin' I've been grindin' my whole life, nigga
You nah I'm talkin' 'bout?
Yo I got some more... I got some more
I'ma try and go in
[Verse 2]
Motha-fuckin' right, we the niggas huffin' OG
In the club tryna keep it low key, she was all on my D
Then we fell out of it
Cause I'm never really there and she tired of it
Real nigga shit, real love, real pain, real intimate
These niggas so scared, I'm killin' it
These niggas so scared, I'm killin' it
So serious, gave the wrong young niggas money
They gave the wrong young niggas money
Gave the wrong young niggas money
Schoolin' these niggas, got so many zeros they think I'm a dummy
Unlike these other niggas, man I'm really from Atlanta
This dark-skinned art student with light-skinned advantage
I'm ahead of my time, online messiah
Who spits so much fire that you a God damned lie
If you say he ain't hot, numbers don't lie
Niggas do though, when they say he ain't cold
Niggas need to learn code, man I'm sick with the Python
Mothafucka I'm ill
Born just to die, that's the human curse
The world in my words, spit a universe
I know they hate a nigga down in Spin Mag
Worst album, best song, how you spin that?
The best part is that they love Chance
But our fans are the same, you should fuck with your man
And I wonder what they'd say if that EP drop
"His verse was wack, his verse was hot"
I'm on my jock cause I don't need these hoes
They're all the same so I don't need these clothes
Same white shirt with his nappy ass hair
Like "bitch do I look like I care?"
Nah, in the end they will notice that we've been God
I watched these niggas switch jerseys when your team lost
And yet it's bitch move nigga, make the show 6 figures
Then you fly to Kauai for a week off
And his girl's body lookin' like a centaur
They do what they can, I do what I want
Let's move it along, the point of this song
I think you doin' fine all the time, drop a fuckin' bomb, nigga Vietnam
On my mom with my hand to God
So my hand's on my fuckin' chest
But you didn't notice
Niggas hang around like we didn't notice
Niggas can't help me but they want a selfie
Cause their girl is a fan and they really love us?
No behind closed doors
You fuck with the kid or you still not sure
Be a man about it
Don't talk your shit and shake hands about it
Be a man, I doubt it, I don't know
I've been grindin' my whole life
Uh uh
Yeah we gon' get it
Yeah
Uh uh
Oh no no no
We can go together
It doesn't really matter
We can get there
We can do it if we try
You know that I love you
Put no one else above you
We can get there
We can do it if we try
Young Bino in the house like an B&E;
Why I'm looking so fly
I'm just being me
Moved up, weed
In my girl clutch
White girls so
The twelve never really searched
Smoke cars, swear to god
She need a bigger purse
Royalty, I'm the boss, we ain't gotta work
Lay it out on the island
She Hawaiian, wonder if she let me slide in
The OG making noise like a firetruck
Flew in, touched down
Then we light 'em up
I've been saying that the clique
There's alot of us
They talk shit
But nobody else ontop of us
Got popular
This the real shit
Get in the face
With a full clip
Get in the aim
Niggas don't slip
Then get
With the case just for sellin' it
I know them gorillas
I hang with them killers
They paint 'em as villains
When really they livin'
We got abroad
This is world war three
I'm the new Jay-Z
I ain't write shit down
I'mma steal that crown
I'mma do that thing
Girl you sweeter than mango
How we cool and confident
With hair like Django
How we walk in the room
And the girls they notice
'Cus they know you bogus
I'm the man you noticed
And
We can go together
It doesn't really matter
We can get there
We can do it if we try
You know that I love you
Put no one else above you
We can get there
We can do it if we try
I'mma show you how to do this
It's easy when you
Let go, let go
Didn't mean to make you nervous
The booty lookin' retro retro
You can be the moon to me
And I can be your spotlight (spotlight)
And if you think I'm ballin'
You shoulda seen me last night, last night
Fuck that, fuck ya'll and the po-po's
Down under, surfin' on the gold coast
I'm looking for the truth in a blunt
And I ain't got a home
Let's stunt
So baby if you feel like you wanna leave
I ain't afraid to drop a couple skymiles
The game ain't easy
We both deserve a little bit of timeout
We can go together
It doesn't really matter
Oh
Yeah
'Kay, one, two, three, go!
Oh, hey
Oh, hey, ah
One more time
Oh no no, yeah
I know the secret we share
Look what this feeling has done to me
There's something deep in the air
Just hope your hands lift me comfortably
I don't know why but every time I see you smiling
I'm tired of running tired of playing tired of hiding
If we could be together would that make you happy?
And If it wouldn't, tell your girlfriend to get at me
(I'm just playing tho)
Love don't really happen
I think there's something for us
Lying around as the world comes down
If you understand what I'm saying
You won't end up in the lost and found, nope
I don't know why but every time I see you dancing
(I see you dancing)
I'm tired of running tired of playing late romancing
( I don't want to)
If we could be together would that make you happy?
(I don't fuck with that)
And If it wouldn't, tell your girlfriend to get at me
Love don't really happen
Now why can't every day be like this
Smoke a J at the beach like this
Hang with bae at the beach like this
Conversations with Kish like this (hey!)
Never thought it could be like this
Be the man like I am like this
Dance around shake your hips like this
Mess around make a hit like this
Like this, like this, no
Always be like this, no
Like this
Like this
Like this, no
Always be like this, no
Like this
Always be like this
Like this
Like this
Like this
And now that's it's over, I'll never be sober
I couldn't believe, but now I'm so high
And now that's it's over, I'll never be sober
I couldn't believe, but now I'm so high
Now I'm so high
Now I'm so high
Now I'm so high
Girl, what's your problem
'Cause I know it's hard sometimes, baby just give it some time
Oh honey now girl, we can solve them
If you just give me some time I can open up your mind
If you le-le-let it shine, you can free-ee-ee your mind
'Cause I know
And now that's it's over, I'll never be sober
I couldn't believe, but now I'm so high
And now that's it's over, I'll never be sober
I couldn't believe, but now I'm so high
Now I'm so high
Now I'm so high
Now I'm so high
Girl, if it's done right
Well you know it's got to be, something wonderful to me
Oh honey now girl, give it one night
If you just give it a chance, loving you is not my plan
'Cause I know one day you'll see
All the things that we can be
And now that's it's over, I'll never be sober (I want to be the only one)
I couldn't believe, but now I'm so high
And now that's it's over, I'll never be sober
And now that's it's over, I'll never be sober
I couldn't believe, but now I'm so high
Now I'm so high
Now I'm so high
Now I'm so high
No matter what you say or what you do
When I'm alone, I'd rather be with you
Fuck these other niggas
I'll be right by your side 'til 3005, hold up
No matter what you say or what you do
When I'm alone, I'd rather be with you
Fuck these other niggas
I'll be right by your side 'til 3005, hold up
No matter what you say or what you do
When I'm alone, I'd rather be with you
Fuck these other niggas
I'll be right by your side 'til 3005, hold up
One time I was at the beach
And we were looking at the stars
And this girl was laying next to me
And the blanket that we had was, had stars on it as well
It looked liked we were just floating in an abyss
Honestly, when I see her face I just smile I guess
I mean, our cars came and the lights were on them
so we could see what the waves look like
I'll be waiting here on the sand
I remember that first night you were wearing a power ranger black T-shirt
So was I, a different color, so was Moey and his brother
Not as pure, so insecure
The times have changed
But really we just looked up at the stars
For a couple hours, turned off all the lights on the cars
The world was ours it was, yours
It was mine
The time flew by like it was prime time and I'm inside of
Life, you shouldn't be my wife you should just be with me on this beautiful night
Maybe we can make things right
Maybe we can do it without any spite
It's just for tonight, and we hope it doesn't end
So we drive back to our homes chilling with our friends
Balling like Jabari Parker, they say I look like him
If we met bet it would be awkward break out the sudafed
Cause the flow cold, like it's so cold
I was smoking John Lennon where my Yoko?
This that call yo grandma you ain't ready yet
Verbal maniac, imma show you the illest get my cousin to kill it
Had a flow but you steal it, I'm in the mood so we ball out
Got the top down in the back we could fall out
We could fall out, n***a we could fall out
Your girlfriend push a prius she giving me that genius
Mensa, we that Tony Danza
Wine on the rug man you know that s**t expensive
I'm on that Willy Wonka, green so Blanka
Vape so good and the pot like lobster
n***a imma monster, f**k it I'm a monstar
Man, I got this beat I'm going ham like a cop car
That's unless you see me pulling up on the boulevard
Turn them flashing lights, at least you know who you really are
We are becoming god
I guess this ending's the best for me
But I can't leave you behind
You know that I never wanted to see what's on your mind
Goddamn, Goddamn
Yo it's kinda hard not to like, get f*****g cheesy on this s**t
But, does that even matter?
You know what I'm saying, juxtaposition man, juxta f*****g position
My n***a Jaden Smith dropping jewels and n****s don't believe him cause he's Jaden Smith but
It's all about packaging right?
Real s**t though, good and bad is all relative man
It really is, a lot of n****s is sheep
We don't even know what we like anymore we just know what the most hype is s**t
Do you really like that s**t you like?
Or you like the way they gave it to you?
You know what I'm saying? Pepsi, Coca-Cola same thing
Dave Chapelle said that, the one that taste the best was the one that was paying him the most at the time
That's all that happens with us man, we some weak n****s man all of us
Followers, sheeps, plural made that s**t up
Apology ain't no real word my n***a
We know this, but he knows more cause he broke the rules that don't even f*****g exist man
Funny thing is man is like, as a futurist, and I can call myself a futurist
Nobody is even going to give a f**k until I'm gone
So does it even matter?
Yes it does
[Verse 1: Childish Gambino]
They used to think I was dumber and dumber
I use to give a rubber
I'm from Australia like 5 Seconds of Summer
These niggas know what I be doing I run with, I run it
Niggas act like they stunting
Niggas know that I am stunting
I hip hop with that OK
Niggas know that I don't play
Niggas know that I come through
Niggas they be like "fuck you!"
Fuck you, I'm like "Fuck me?"
Fuck ya girl, fuck ya bitch
Fuck ya girl, hold my dick
All I do is run that shit
Ah la la la I oh
I still get that dough
These nigga know, know, know
These niggas don't even know?
(They don't know) what?
I be surfing off the Gold Coast looking like a roller coaster
Niggas like a goal post
Making so much green, niggas calling me the [?]
And all I do is sing
I got this million dollar bet, [?] speak of the [?]
[Verse 2]
These bitches love me to death
You know that we fresh
I can't do culture can't stop my ass
These niggas mad at [?] with all my [?]
These niggas know that we mean, royalty be the team
Smokin' that hella green, spending a lot of cream
Spending lotta green, on these bitches with [?] ass
You that I'm a dream guy, a dream girl
[?] me in dream car, dream house, dream money, dream sleep
Nah, I don't sleep never, my weed light like a fuckin' feather
In Sydney I know I have to come with my own shit, 'cuz you shit don't smoke
I'm sorry, I'm keepin' it real
You know me I feel like I be doing what I for [?]
Royalty the shit put your hands up
If you that Gambino is the shit, put your hands up
[Verse 3: Childish Gambino]
You niggas think that I'mma ride
All I do is inside, keep it inside
I'm the best rapper, definitely top 5
If these other rapper think they [?], they fuckin' not alive
I cut their head off, that's every rapper living
That's Kendrick, that's Drake, that's Schoolboy, that's everyone
I don't give a fuck. I'll fucking kill you niggas
These niggas think I'm [?], uh
God damn, mother fucker, I'm ill
All I do is freestyle take a fuckin' pill
'Cuz you about to be sick, nigga I'm so sick
I came in your girls face, she don't know what got hit
She gotta close her eyes, she gotta close her eyes
"Y'all [?] why I cum in my eye"
I'm like "Sorry boo, I gotta come up inside"
"And if you wanna feel that [?] kick in your thighs"
